(LW)   "Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
       "Have you heard of Murphy's law? "Yeah", "What is it?" "If something can go wrong, it will go wrong." "Right. Have you heard of Cole's Law?", "No, what is it?", "Thinly sliced cabbage."
"How much to hire a church singing group" "You mean a choir?" "Fine, how much to acquire a church sing group?"
(LSW)  "Just cleared out some space in the freezer" sounds so much more productive that "I just polished off another pint of ice cream."
       "Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island."
       "Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."
       "Your underwear is much too tight and very revealing," I said to my wife. She replied, "Wear your own then."
       10 years ago today I asked my childhood sweetheart, my best friend and the most beautiful woman in the world to marry me... All three said "no."
       100 years ago everybody rode horses around, and only the wealthy could afford cars. Today everybody drives cars, and only the wealthy can afford horses. Oh how the stables have turned.
(LSW)  3,027 years from today, life will either be really good, or really bad! It's 5050...
       5 ants rented an apartment with 5 other ants. Now they are tenants together.
(LSW)  70% of the earth is water and virtually none of it is carbonated. So the earth is, in fact, flat...
(LW)   97% of people are stupid. Thank goodness I’m in the other 5%.
       99.99% of people are idiots. I'm just happy I belong to the 1%.
       A Mexican magician said he will disappear on the count of 3. He says: "Uno, Dos..." Poof! He disappeared without a tres.
(LW)   A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours!
       A bacteria walked into a bar and the bartender said, "We don't serve bacteria in this place." The bacteria said, "But I work here, I'm staph."
(LSW)  A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
(LW)   A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
       A cardiologist died and was given an elaborate funeral. A huge heart, covered in flowers, stood behind the casket during the service. Following the eulogy, the heart opened, and the casket rolled inside. The beautiful heart then closed, sealing the doctor inside forecver. At that poin, one of the mourners burst into laughter. When all eyes stared at him, he said, "I'm sorry. I was just thinking of my own funeral...I'm a gynecologist." The proctologist fainted.
(LS)   A cement mixer has collided with a prison van. Motorists are advised to look out for 16 hardened criminals.
       A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
	   A chess master has a blind date with a girl from Czechoslovakia. He’s hoping to find his Czech mate.
       A colon can completely change the meaning of a sentence. For example: - Jane ate her friends sandwich. - Jane ate her friends colon.
       A colorblind friend insists that all apples are yellow. I told him that was bananas.
(LS)   A copy of "A Christmas Carol" just fell on my toe. It hurts like the Dickens!
       A couple of cows were smoking weed and playing poker. The steaks were high.
       A couple of kids asked me today what it was like for me growing up...so I took their phones, shut off their internet, geve them a popsicle and told them to go outside till the street lights came on.
       A duck, a skunk and a deer went out to dinner at a restaurant one night. When it came time to pay, the skunk didn't have a scent, the deer didn't have a buck, so they put the meal on the duck's bill.
(SW)   A farmer took his baby goat to the vet after it had been limping for about a week. It was diagnosed with a kid knee infection.
       A farmer was milking his cow. He was just starting to get a good rhythm going when a bug flew into the barn and started circling his head. Suddently, the bug flew into the cow's ear. the farmer didn't think much about it, until the bug squirted out into his bucket. It went in one ear and out the udder.
       A fireman walked into the Hardware store today holding a screwdriver above his head. He yelled with a loud, serious vice. Ladies & Gentleman, this is not a Drill.
       A friend and I stopped by Hooters for some wings and a beer. He asked me, "Which waitress would you like to be stuck with in an elevator?" I responded, "The one that can fix elevators. I'm old, I'm tired, and I pee a lot."
---    A friend of mine finally gathered enough courage and asked the supermarket cashier girl for a date. She said "They're in the fruits section next to the bananas."
       A friend of mine got kidnapped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to him.
(LS)   A genie granted me one wish, so I said "I just want to be happy." Now I'm living in a cottage with 6 dwarves and working in a mine.
       A guy at Kroger asked me if I know where Engagement, Ohio is. I said it's between Dayton and Marion.
       A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, "How long have you suffered from that condition?" The guy tells him, "Since next Monday."
       A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve You, bot don't start anything."
       A lot of people don't realize the actor that played Wilson in Castaway is the same actor from the volleyball scene in Top Gun.
	   A man asks a rabbi : I would like to live eternally. What can I do? -Get married says the rabbi -And then I will live eternally ? -No, but this desire will disappear !!!!
	   A man sees a sign outside a house: 'Talking Dog For Sale'....He rings the bell, the owner appears and tells him the dog can be viewed in the back garden. The man sees a Black Labrador Retriever sitting there. 'Do you really talk?' He asks the dog. 'Yes!' The Labrador replies. The man asks, 'So, tell me your story!' The Labrador looks up and says, "Well, I discovered that I could talk when I was pretty young. I wanted to help the government, so I joined the SAS. 'In no time at all they had me jetting from country to country, sitting in rooms with spies and world leaders, because no one imagined that a dog would be  avesdropping. I was one of their most valuable spies for eight years, but the jetting around really tired me out, and I knew I wasn't getting any younger so I decided to settle down. I signed up for a job at Heathrow to do some undercover security work, wandering near suspicious characters and listening in. I uncovered some incredible dealings and was awarded several medals. I got married, had a few puppies, and now I've just retired!' The man is amazed. He goes back into the house and asks the owner how much he wants for the dog. 'Ten dollars' The owner says. '$10? This dog is absolutely amazing! Why on earth are you selling him so cheap?' 'Because he's a liar. He's never been out of the garden!'
       A man boards a plane with six kids. After they get settled in their seats, a woman sitting across the aisle leans over to him and asks, "Are al of those kids yours?" He replies, "No. I work for a condom company. These are customer complaints."
(LW)   A man goes to a funeral and asks the widow: “Mind if I say a word?”. She says: “Please do.” The man clears his throat and says: “Bargain.” The widow replies: “Thanks, that means a great deal!”
(LSW)  A man walked into a seafood restaurant and asked for a lobster tail. The waitress smiled sweetly and said - "once upon a time, there was this handsome lobster..."
       A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm ans says: "A beer please, and one for the road."
(W)    A mean kid at school asked me if I was a nerd. I said I preferred the term "Smarter than you".
       A naked man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back. "I am a turtle", he says. "Who's on your back?", "That's Michelle."
	   A new study has found that 6 out of 7 dwarfs are not happy.
       A new study shows 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
       A pastor was 10-minutes into his sermon when he noticed his young son in the balcony with a pea-shooter. He was leaning over the "balcony" - aiming, and popping people in the head. As the pastor prepared to deliver a very public scolding of his boy - the 7 year old son hollered out, "You keep preaching Dad, and I'll keep'em awake!"
       A photon is going through airport security. The TSA agent asks if he has any luggage. The photon says, "No, I'm traveling light."
       A Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship. But there was no Chemistry.
       A police office called the station on his radio. "I have an interesting case here. An old lady shot her husband for stepping on the floor she just mopped." "Have you arrest the woman"? Not yet. The floor's till wet.
(LSW)  A shark could swim faster than me, but I could probably run faster than a shark. So in a triatlon, it would all come down to who is the better cyclist.
       A sheep herder is watching his dog herd all their sheep into a pen. The dog finishes and says "Master, I've got all 30 sheep in the pen". The man looks at the sheep, then back to the dog and says "but I only count 26". The dog says "I know, I rounded them up".
(LS)   A slice of apple pie costs $2 in Jamaica. And $2.50 in the Bahamas. Those are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
       A snake that counts is an adder.
       A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night...Oof!
(LSW)  A sweater I purchased was picking up static electricity, so I returned it to the store. They gave me another one free of charge.
(SW)   A thief broke into my house last night looking for money. So I got out of bed to look with him.
(LW)   A travel agent told me he could get me a free trip to Egypt if I could get five other people to sign up too. It sounded like a pyramid scheme to me.
(LSW)  A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you"? "Pop", goes the weasel.
(LSW)  A wizard asked me to proof read one of his scrolls last week. Actually, it was more of a Spell Check.
       A woman asked me if men still open car doors? How do you think we get inside.
       A woman called her local dairy telling them she wants to order enough milk to take a milk bath. Farser says "You want the mild pasteurised?" She said "no, just up to my chin".
       A woman has twins and gives them up for adoption. One of them goes to a family in Egypt and is names "Ahmal." The other goes to a family in Spain; they name him "Juan." Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mother. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Ahmal. Her husband responds, "They're twins! If you've seen Juan, you've seen Ahmal."
       A woman in labor shouts "shouldn't", "couldn't", "wouldn't", "Didn't", "can't". Doctor says, "It's okay it's just contractions"
       A woman walks into a gun shop. "It's for my husband," she tells the owner. "Did he tell you what caliber to get?" the owner asks. "Are you joking? He doesn't even know I'm going to shoot him!"
(LSW)  According to my chocolate Advent calendar, there are only 2 days left until Christmas.
(LSW)  According to the BMI chart at the doctor's office...I'm too short!
       After 5 years of training, I've just qualified as a mountaineering instructor. I have to say that it's been a long, uphill struggle.
(LSW)  After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!
       After fixing my computer, I overheard my grandson chatting with one of his friends saying it was just an ID ten T error. They both laughed. Not wanting to appear dumb, I walked away and wrote down the phrase: ID10T. He never was my favorite grandkid anyway!
       Although I lost my hair years ago, I still carry a comb. I just can't part with it.
       Always make sure SOMEONE in the relationship has good credit. That's why it's called SIGNIFICANT other. Sign/if/I/can't.
       An Englishman, a Frenchman, a Spaniard and a German are all standing watching a street performer do some excellent juggling. The juggler notices that the four gentlemen have a very poor view, so he stands up on a large wooden box and calls out, "Can you all see me now?" "Yes." "Oui." "Si." "Ja."
       An emergency call: "Come quick, my friend was bitten by a wolf!" Operator: "Where?" Caller: "No a regular one1"
       An old Japanese gardener asked me what I knew about bonsai trees. I said..."Very little."
       And then there was the time Fruit of the Loom took Hanes to court. It was a brief case.
       Apparently 30% of owners let their pet sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
       Apparently the Flat earth society has offices all over the globe!
       Apparently to start a zoo you need at least two pandas, a grizzly and three polars. It's the bear minimum.
       Are the e's in bee silent?
       As an American, I'm tired of people saying America is the stupidest country in the world...personally, I think Europe is the stupidest country in the world.
(LSW)  As an American, it makes me so sad to see that nothing is made in the USA anymore. I just bought this new TV and it says "Built-in Antenna." I don't even know where that is!
(LSW)  As kids we used to throw Scrabble tiles at each other, until Mom shouted "stop it before someone loses an i"
       As you get older, you've got to stay positive. For example, the other day I fell down the stairs. Instead of getting upset, I just thought, "Wow, that's the fastest I've moved in years!"
       Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
       At a job interview I filled my glass of water until it overflowed a little. "Nervous?" asked the interviewer. "No, I always give 110%".
(LSW)  At the age of 65 my Grandma started walking 10 miles a day. She's 92 now and we have no idea where she is.
       Ate my last piece of cheese yesterday. Today it is raining. Ain't no sunshine, when cheese gone.
(LSW)  Baby changing stations are a hoax. The parents always come out with the same kid.
(W)    Be a minimalist...it's the least you can do.
       Bears probably don't even realize that we have a right to their arms.
(LSW)  Before I got married, I didn't even know there was a wrong way to put the milk back in the fridge.
       Before my surgery today, the anesthesiologist asked if I'd like to be knocked out with gas or he could just hit me over the head with a canoe paddle. So I guess it was...and ether/oar situation.
       Before was was was, was was is. (People learning English - :(
       Being a little older, I am very fortunate to have someone call and check on my everyday. He is from India and is very concerned about my car warranty.
	   Benjamin Franklin approached several companies in the 1700's with his ideas about electricity. They all told him to go fly a kite.
(LW)   Bigfoot is sometimes confused with Sasquatch…Yeti never complains.
---    Biscuits and gravy is weird because it's like "Here's some really wet flour poured over some really dry flour."
(LSW)  Bit upset today. I've lost my Atlas. It meant the world to me...
(LW)   Boss told me that as a security guard, it's my job to watch the office. I'm on season 6 but I'm not really sure what it's got to do with security.
(LSW)  Breaking news: A nine year old girl that has disappeared after using moisturiser that makes you look ten years younger.
       Breaking News: Count Chocula, the Stayuft Marshmellow man and the Teddy Grahams Bear all perish in a fire. S'More at 11.
	   BREAKING NEWS: Insurance companies have advised campers that if their tent gets stolen during the night, they won't be covered.
       Breaking news: Scientist have discovered what it believed to be the world's largest bed sheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
	   Bumper sticker on a senior's car - "Ii am speeding because I have to get there before I forget where I am going"
       C, E-flat, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, but we do not serve minors".
       Called a restaurant to make a reservation but couln't think of the word so asked for a food appointment and now I can never show my face there again.
       Can anyone tell me what oblivious means? I have no idea.
(LSWN) Can trees poop? Yes. How else do we get No. 2 pencils?
       Captain we have been attacked by a vessel from the planet omega 3. Thandully the damage is only super fish oil.
       Carpenter ants are just like regular ants except rainy days and Mondays always get them down.
	   Chemisry Teacher: Did you know that protons have mass. Me: I didn't even know they were catholic.
       Chinese takeout: $12, Tip: $3. Getting home and finding out they forgot part of your order: riceless.
       Chuck Norris admitted to using stunt doubles in his movies, but only for the crying part.
       Cop: "Why is there a crocodile buckled in your passenger seat!?" Me: (offended) "Steve isn't a crocodile! He's my Navi-Gator...I'd be lost without him!"
       Cop: You were going too fast. Me: I was just trying to keep up with traffic. Cop: There isn't any. Me: I know! That's how far behind I am.
       Cross-eyed teacher loses job. could not control her pupils.
       Currently on sick-leave after dropping a kleenex box on my foot. According to my doctor, I've got soft tissue damage.
       Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!
       Davy Crockett had 3 ears. A left, a right, and his wild frontier...
(LSW)  Dentists always ask dumb questions like "when's the last time you flossed?". I'm like bro, you were there!t a job as senior director at Old MacDonald's Farm. I'm the CIEIO.
       Diarrhea is hereditary. It runs in your jeans.
       Did we ever find out what the knights in white sat in?
(LW)   Did you hear about Arnold Schwarzenegger’s upcoming movie about classical music? It’s called I’ll Be Bach!
(LSW)  Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage!
       Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
(LW)   Did you hear about the boy who went to mime school? He was never heard from again.
       Did you hear about the chameleon that couldn't change color? It had a-reptile dysfunction.
       Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
(LW)   Did you hear about the criminal who kept her spices in the freezer? She served hard thyme!
(LSW)  Did you hear about the cross-eyed teacher that lost her job...she couldn't control her pupils.
       Did you hear about the dwarf psychic who escaped from prison. The headline read "Small Medium at Large".
(LW)   Did you hear about the guy who evaporated? He'll be mist.
       Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint!
(LSW)  Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
       Did you hear about the hikers through the Himalayas that were dragged into a cave and only released after having done 100 sit-ups? They were victims of the Abdominal Snowman.
(LW)   Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
(LW)   Did you hear about the restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu. You get what you deserve!
       Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
       Did you hear about the two people who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
       Did you know an antelope can jump highter than a house. That is due to its powerful hind legs and the fact that a house cannot jump at all.
       Did you know cows kill more people than sharks? I am actually quite surprised that cows kill any sharks at all...
       Did you know muffins spelled backwards is what you do when you take them out of the oven?
       Did you know that I almost have a photographic memory? I never developed it.
       Did you know that if you put your left shoe on your left foot, it means you're putting it on the right foot?
(LSW)  Did you know that the man who invented the Ferris Wheel never met the man who invented the Merry-Go-Round? They traveled in difference circles.
       Did you know that you can't buy car batteries with a credit card? You're not supposed to charge new batteries.
       Did you know...taller people sleep longer in bed.
       Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii? or just a low ha.
       Do you know how to turn autocorrect off? Why? Everyone thinks I'm a homeless romantic.
       Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
       Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
       Doctors have just identified a food that can cause grief and suffering years after it's been eaten. It's called a wedding cake.
       Does the arachnophobia support group have a website?
       Don't bursh your teeth with your left hand. Because a toothbrush works a lot better.
       Don't throw sodium chloride at people. That's a salt.
(W)    Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
       Don't worry about your smartphone and TV spying on you. Your vacuum cleaner has been gathering dirt on you for years.
(LSW)  Don't you hate it when you read read as read and not read, so you have to re-read read as read so you can read read correctly and it can make sense.
(LW)   Don't you hate jokes about German sausages? They're the wurst!
(LSW)  Dove chocolate tastes way better than their soap.
       Dude 1: "Hey bro?" Dude 2: "Yeah bro?" Dude 1: "Can you hand me that pamplet?" Dude 2: "Borchure"
(LW)   During a recent password audit by a company, it was found that an employee was using the following password: “MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento”. When asked why she had such a long password, she rolled her eyes and said: “Hello! It has to be at least 8 characters and include at least one capital!”
(LSW)  Earlier this month, my wife dropped a heavy hint as to what she wants for her birthday. She said that she dreamed that I had given her a diamond necklace as a present and wondered what the meaning of the dream was. I can't wait to see the delight on her face come her birthday morning when she unwraps her present - a copy of the book, "The Meaning of Dreams".
       Elderly couple in church. Wife turns to husband and says "i've just done a silent fart, what should I do?" Husband says "put new batteries in your hearing aid!"
       Elton John bought his pet rabbit to the gym... "It's a little fit bunny..."
       Energizer bunny arrested: Charged with battery.
       Even if a bear wears socks and shoes, he still has bear feet!
(LSW)  Every morning I take my pet cow for a long walk in the local vineyard. Yep...i herd it through the grapevine.
(LW)   Every single morning I get hit by the same bike... It's a vicious cycle!
(LW)   Every single morning I get hit by the same bike...It's a vicious cycle!
       Every time I take up a sport or exercise I meet new people....Usually, they're paramedics...but they're new people.
(LSW)  Everybody knows that Albert Einstein was a genius....but his brother Frank was a real monster!
(LW)   Five out of four people admit they're bad with fractions!
(LSW)  For his birthday, I got my son an alarm clock that swears at him instead of beeping. He's in for  a rude awakening.
       For my wife's birtday, I took her to sit in an orchard for a couple of hours. Not quite the Apple watch she was expecting.
       For the 10th year in a row, my coworkers voted me "the most secretive guy" in the office. I can't tell you how much this award means to me.
       Forgetful cows give milk of amnesia. Pampered cows give spoiled milk, and nervouse couws give milk shakes.
	   French fries aren't actually cooked in France. They're cooked in Greece.
(LSW)  Fun fact: "Sugar" is the only word in the English language where "su-" makes a "sh" sound. At least, I'm pretty sure that's correct.
       Fun fact: Australia's biggest export is boomerangs. It's also their biggest import.
       Genie: I shall grant you 3 wishes. Me: I wish for a world without lawyers. Genie; Done, you have no more wishes. Me: But you said 3. Genie. So Sue me!
       Geography teacher asked if I could name a country with no R in it. I said, "No way."
       Geology rocks but geography is where it's at.
(LSW)  Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish, he'll waste hundreds of dollars on equipment he'll only use a few times a year.
(LW)   Golf is the only sport where subpar performance is ideal!
(LW)   Got a parking ticket yesterday. Not sure why. The sign said fine for parking!
(LW)   Got home from work today to find my kids have been on eBay all day. If they are still there tomorrow I will lower the price!
       Got me an emotional support pet. It's a chicken. It's crispy. It also came with a biscuit.
(LSW)  Got so frustrated while cooking dinner that I wanted to scream into the colander...but then I was like "no no, that'll strain my voice!"
(LW)   Got stopped in the street and asked why was I carrying a 9 ft. book? I said, it's a long story.
       Guess who I bumped into on the way to the opticians? Everyone. (or 'to get my glasses fixed')
       Had a policeman stop me to say he was looking for a man with one eye. I told him to use both and he would find him a lot quicker.
       Had to buy a new pair of scissors for the kids' arts and crafts...the old ones just weren't cutting it.
	   Has anyone else used WD40 to get rid of mice? It doesn’t work, but it stops the squeaking. 
       Have you heard about the new film about a pig with no eyes. It's rated PG.
       Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
       Hello Animal Control? I found a suitcase with a mother possum and 2 babies inside. Animal Control: That's odd. Can you tell if they're moving? Me: Honestly I'm not sure, but it would explain the suitcase.
       Her: "Why do we need walkie-talkies? Our relationship is over." Me: "Our relationship is what? Over."
       Here's a question for all you mind readers out there.
(LSW)  Hired a handy man and gave him a list. When I got home, only items 1, 3, and 5 were done. Turns out, he only does odd jobs.
       Hope Facebook doesn't go down again. I spent last night knocking on neighbors doors to show them my dinner.
       How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
(LW)   How can you drop an egg onto a concrete floor without cracking it? Any way you want, concrete floors are very hard to crack.
       How come "you're a peach" is a compliment but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
(LSW)  How did Scrooge win the football game? The ghost of Christmas passed.
(L)    How did the papa bear open his birthday present? with his BEAR hands.
       How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
(LW)   How do pickles celebrate their birthdays? they relish them!
       How do you console an English teacher? There, their, they're.
(LSW)  How do you deal with a sad astronaut? Just give them some space.
(LW)   How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for fresh prints!
       How do you help your female sibling? A sister.
       How do you make the number one disappear? You add "g" and it's GONE.
(LW)   How do you make the number one disappear? You just add a G and it's gone.
(LW)   How do you make the number one disappear? You just add a G and it's gone.
(LSW)  How do you put a baby astronaut to sleep? You rocket!
(LSW)  How do you wash your hands over the holiday? With Santatizer.
       How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
(LSW)  How does a computer get drunk? It takes screen shots.
       How does an Englishman invite a dinosaur for lunch? Tea, Rex?
       How does a hippie polygamist count his wives? 1 Mrs. Hippie, 2 Mrs. Hippie, 3 Mrs. Hippie...
       How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
       How many cats can you put in an empty box? Only one. After that the box isn't empty.
       How many mystery writers does it take to change a lightbulb? Two. One to change the bulk and one to give it an unexpected twist at the end.
       How many time do you have to tickle an octopus to make it laugh? Ten-tickles. Of course it only has 8 of those. So the first two were test-tickles.
(LW)   How many feet are in a yard? It depends on how many people are standing in it.
       How many people does it take to change a lightbulb? The more, the better. Because many hands make light work.
(W)    How many spiders does it take to create an app? None. Spikers don't make apps; they only design web sites!
(LS)   How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing! It was on the house!
       How much does a rainbow weigh? Not much, they're actually pretty light!
(W)    How much does a roof cost? Nothing. It's on the house.
       How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible!
       How often do planes crash? Just once.
       How to 37 mathematicians board a bus with only 36 seats? They carry the one.
       How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
(LS)   I accidentally drank a bottle of invisible ink last night. I'm in the hospital now, waiting to be seen.
(LSW)  I accidentally gave my wife a glue stick instead of her lipstick. She still isn't talking to me!
       I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight.
       I accidentally sprayed deodorant in my mouth. Now when I talk, I have this weird axe scent.
(LW)   I accidentally swallowed a bunch of scrabble tiles… My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster!
---    I accidentally took my cats meds last night..Don't ask meow!
(LSW)  I always carry a pebble with me to throw at people who sing Christmas songs in October. I call it my jingle bell rock!
       I always carry a picture of my wife and kids in my wallet. I do it to remind myself why there is no money in there.
(LSW)  I always get nostalgic putting my car in reverse. It really takes me back!
       I always keep my guitar in the car now. It's good for traffic jams.
       I am actually watching a live stream right now.
       I am getting a little sick of my wife complaining that I sit around and do nothing all weekend. I'm not going to stand for it.
       I am so poor. I can't even pay attention.
       I am starting a charity to teach short people math. It's called making the little things count.
       I am writing a book about reverse psychology...please don't buy it!f
       I amazes me just how much exercise and extra fries sound alike.
       I amputated a man's toe and replaced it with a prosthetic made out of a breath mint. I gave him a Tic Tac toe.
(LW)   I applied for a job hanging mirrors. It’s a something I can see myself doing!
(LW)   I arrived early to a restaurant and the manager asked: “Do you mind waiting a bit”? I said: “No”. “Good”, he said. “Take these drinks to table nine”.
       I asked a supermarket market worker where they kept the canned peaches. He asid, "I'll see," and walked away. I asked another and he also said, "I'll see," and walked away. In the end, I gave up and found them myself. They were in Aisle C.
(LW)   I asked an old man I know, “Even after 95 years, you still call your wife ‘Darling’, ‘Honey’, ‘Love’. What’s the secret? Old man: “I forgot her name 10 years ago and I’m scared to ask her”
       I asked my Chinese friend what it's like to live in China. He says he can't complain.
(LW)   I asked my dad how it felt to have the best son in the world. He told me to ask my grandpa!
(LW)   I asked my daughter to give me the phone book! She laughed at me, called me a dinosaur and lent me her iPhone. So now the spider is dead, the iPhone is broken and my daughter is furious!
(LW)   I asked my friend Sam to sing a song about smartphones the other day…..Samsung!
       I asked my friend when their birthday was. He said March 1st. I stood up, walked around the room, and asked again.
       I asked my wife how to turn Alexa off. She said: "How about walking through the room naked?"
       I asked my wife if I am the only one she has ever been with. She said yes, all the others were nines and tens.
(LSW)  I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me, “Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace.” So I bought her nothing.
(LS)   I asked my wife why she married me. She said, "because you're so funny and make me laugh so much." I told her I thought it was because I was so charming and good looking. She replied, "See? You're hilarious!"
       I asked seven billionairies, "What's the secret to your success?" and they all said the same thing. "How did you get into my mansion?"
       I asked the Librarian where the books on Engine lubricants were. She said they were in the non-friction section.
       I asked the librarian, "Do you hae any books on the Titanic?", Yes, but they haven't been returned yet.
(SW)   I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic. He said: "Sure, knock yourself out!"
(LW)   I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic. He said: “Sure, knock yourself out!”
       I asked the waitress for a quickie and she slapped me. Aparently it's pronunced "quiche".
       I ate a kids meal at McDonalds this morning. His mom was furious!
       I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the largest vowel movement ever.
       I bought 75% of shares in a vampire hunting business. I'm the main stakeholder.
       I bought a greyhound yesterday. My wife said "Are you going to race him?" I said "No, he's much faster than me!"
       I bought my wife a matching belt and bag for her birthday. She'll get that vacuum working again in no time.
       I call people who work out next to me, Gomer Pyle. because they're my Jim Nabors..
(LW)   I called my boss and asked if I could come in a little late. She said, "Dream on". I think that was really nice of her.
       I called my doctor "My wife is going into labor! What should I do?" "Is this her first child?", he asked. "No,this is her husband."
       I came home and my dog pee'd a little because he was happy to see me. None of my friends pee when they see ms. I'm surrounded by fakes.
(LS)   I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it...it's true. I saw it with my own eyes.
       I can list a couple of reasons why they would make a new Elvis movie... 1. For the money 2. For the show.
       I can't believe I was arrested for impersonting a politician. I was just sitting there doing nothing.
       I can't believe someone broke into my house and stole all of my frit. I am peachless.
       I can't even imagine the self control required to work at a bubble wrap factory.
       I can't hear out of my right ear. Are you sure? Yes, I'm definite..
       I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
       I can't work out, I'm in the fitness protection program.
(LW)   I can’t believe how unprepared Beijing is for these Olympics – I was just watching something called Curling, and the cleaners were still sweeping the floor clean, when the curling stones were actually coming down the track!
(LW)   I can’t remember how to write 1, 1000, 51, 6 and 500 in Roman numerals. I M LIVID
       I changed the voice on my GPS to Bono's, Now the streets have no names and I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
       I considered becoming a dermatologist, but I don't like making rash decisions.
       I could never understand why my sister's had 2 brothers and I have only 1.
       I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
(LS)   I cut myself shredding cheese. I wanted to blame someone else, but then I remembered, with grate power come grate responsibility.
       I debated a flat earther once He stormed off saying he'd walk to the edge of the earth to prove me wrong. I'm sure he'll come around, eventually.
(LS)   I decided to make sure my wife woke up with a big smile on her face this morning. Now I can't have Sharpies in the house anymore!
       I did a blood test on a garden frog to extract its DNA and confirm its identity. I discovered the frog was 70% British, 20% French, 7% Italian, 2% Dutch and a tad Pole. 
       I don't get why students are being asked to study math until they're 18. I stopped studying at 16 and don't see what difference an extra 3 years would make.
       I don't know about my new doctor...I told him I was suffering from joint pain and he told me to stop putting the lit end in my mouth.
       I don't mean to brag, but cashiers are always checking me out.
       I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
(LW)   I don't really call for funerals that start before noon. I guess I'm just not a mourning person!
(LW)   I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
       I don't understand how cloning works. That makes two of us.
(LSW)  I don't understand why banks get upset when you can't repay a loan...they already knew I had no money when I came to borrow it!
       I don't understand why people say hurtful things like "wanna go for a run?" or "try this kale"...
(LSW)  I don't want to brag or make anyone jealous, but I can still fit into the socks I wore in high school.
       I dreamed I was invisible and I married an invisible woman. I'm not sure what we saw in each other. OUr kids were nothing to look at either.
(LW)   I dropped my phone and I was surprised that it didn't hit the floor. Turns out it was in airplane mode!
       I excel at saying 39 in Roman numerals.
(LSW)  I failed my driver's test today. The instructor asked me, "What do you do at a red light"? I said, "I usually check Twitter and also see what people are up to on Facebook."
       I fell asleep last night reading old magazines and woke up this morning with back issues.
(LW)   I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
       I finally lost my winter fat the other day. Now all I have is spring rolls.
       I finally managed to convince my wife to watch Back to the Future. It's....about time!
       I found a book about an amazing basement. It was a best celler!
       I found a candy cane from last winter as I was cleaning out the pantry today. It was still in mint condition.
(LW)   I found a coin on the street the other day and it had teeth marks all over it. It was a Bitcoin!
(LS)   I found a recipe from Morocco for homemade dinner rolls. It called for fresh thyme but mine was outdated. I used it anyway. You know, as I reminisce, I really like that old thyme Moroccan roll!
       I found an online group where they all talk in lowercase. That group hates capitalism.
	   I gave my wife a pendant with my picture inside of it ....... now I am independent.
       I gave my wife some old socks and asked if she would mend them? She told me they weren't worth a darn.
       I get very annoyed when people mix up there, their, and they're. From now on I'm going two point it out weather they like it or not!
(LSW)  I go
       I gonna start a site for root veggies called Utubers.
       I got a beautiful new car for my wife. Best trade I've ever made.
(LW)   I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She's a real mathamachicken!
       I got a lift to the eleventh floor, and as I got out, the operator said "Have a dood day, son." "Do't call me son," I said. "You're not my dad." He scratched his head. "No, but I broght you up, didn't I?"
(LSW)  I got an email explaining how to read maps backwards....it was spam!
(LSW)  I got called "pretty' today! Well actually the full statements was 'you're pretty annoying' But I only focus on positive things.
(LS)   I got fired from my job because I kept asking my customers whether they would prefer "Smoking" or "Non-smoking". Apparently the correct terms are "cremation" and "burial".
       I got fired from the bank today. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her.
(LSW)  I got fired from the bank today. Turns out the owners get really upset when you hand out free samples.
       I got hired today at the comb factory. It's just part time.
(LW)   I got hit in the head with a can of Pepsi yesterday. But don’t worry. It was a soft drink!
(W)    I got into a fight with 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. The odds were against me.
(LW)   I got my daughter a fridge for her birthday. I can't wait to see her face light up when she opens it!
       I got pulled over by a lady cop who asked me to get out of my car. She said, "you're staggering!" I said, "you're not so bad yourself"
(LSW)  I got thrown out of my local park after arranging the squirrels by height. They didn't like me critter sizing.
(LW)   I got tired of being judged for going bald so I went out and bought a cheap wig. It was a small price toupee.
       I got trapped in the snow globe factory overnight. I'm Ok, just a little shaken.
       I had a beer last night and on the side of the can it said, "best drunk in June, 2023". I want to thank the beer company for this prestigious award.
(LW)   I had a date last night, it was perfect. Tomorrow I'll try a grape!
(LW)   I had a date last night, it was perfect. Tomorrow I'll try a grape.
       I had a dream the ocean was filled with orange soda. It was a Fanta Sea.
(LW)   I had a friend who was addicted to brake fluid. He said he could stop anytime!
(LSW)  I had a hen who could count her own eggs. She was a mathemachicken.
       I had a relative that, when she passed by a TV or radio, got better reception! Her name was Aunt Anna!
       I had a vasectomy because I didn't want any kids. When I got home, they were still there.
(LSW)  I had an appointment to see my psychic next week. But she called my up and told me I wouldn't be able to make it.
(LSW)  I had the rudest, slowest and nastiest cashier today! That's it! I'm done with using the self checkout lane!
(LSW)  I had the worst night last night. The ghost of Gloria Gaynor appeared in front of my bed. At first I was afraid, then I was petrified!
       I had to end my friendship with Dracula. He was a pain in the neck.
       I had to fire my fruit deleivery driver today. I hated to let the mango but he was driving me bananas.
       I had to fire the guy I hired to mow my lawn. He just didn't cut it.
	   I had to kick Cinderella off the softball team, She just kept running away from the ball.
	   I had to try several different proctologists, but I found one who could help me in the end.
       I had to quit my job in construction because I wasn't big enough or strong enough. I had to give them a too weak notice!
	   I hate it when I see an old person and then realize we went to high school together.
       I hate it when people don't know the difference between your and you're. There so stupid.
       I hate it when people try to act all intelligent and talk about Mozart when they have never even seen one of his paintings.
       I hate spelling errors. You mix up two letters and your whole post is urined.
       I hate snakes. Snakes have no feet. You might say I am lacktoes intolerant. 
(LSW)  I have a bad habit of running red lights. I really need to stop!
(LW)   I have a fear of elevators, but I’ve started taking steps to avoid it!
       I have a friend who writes songs about sewing machines. She's a singer songwriter, or sew it seams.
(LW)   I have a great joke about nepotism. But I'll only tell it to my kids.
       I have a joke about construction …. But im still working on it
(LW)   I have a pen that can write underwater...it can write other words too!
       I have a scary joke about math but I'm 2^2 to say it!
(LS)   I have an idea for a chain of Elvis steak houses. It will be for people who love meat tender.
       I have an irrational fear of overly engineered buildings. I have a complex complex complex.
(LS)   I have invented a game called: Silent Tennis. It's like regular tennis but without the racket.
       I have two milestones at work: 1) lunch, 2) leaving.
(W)    I haven't kept up my subscription to the Scrabble Club...now they've started sending me threatening letters...
       I haven't spoken to my wife in 7 years. I don't want to interrupt her.
	   I hear exit signs are on the way out...
       I heard my wife, in the other room, yelling at the the TV: "Don't go in there! Don't go in the church, you moron!" She is watching our wedding video again.
(LS)   I hit a turkey and it flew over my car and landed on the car behind me. It was a cop...he pulled me over and gave me a ticket for flipping him the bird.
       I hurt my knee slipping on ice in front of the police station. I went inside to complain but they charged me with a fell-on-knee.
       I informed my family that someone in the house was secretly an owl in disguise and our oldest daughter asked, "Who?" Honestly, never suspected her.
       I invented a car that moves only when the driver is silent...it goes without saying.
       I invented a new word today: Plagiarism!
       I joined a dating site for arsonists. I've been getting a lot of matches.
(LSW)  I joined a gym six months ago and haven't lost any weight! So I'm actually going there in person tomorrow to see what's going on!
       I joined a procrastinator support group. It's called "Wait watchers".
       I just bought stock in a balloon manufacturing company. I'm one of the few people I know who enjoys inflation.
(LW)   I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
(LW)   I just burned 3000 calories. Hat's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I take a nap!
       I just burnt my Hawaiian Pizza. Should have used aloha temperature.
       I just called the paranoia hotline. A guy answered: "How the heck did you get this number?"
       I just dropped a heavy box of berries on my foot. Now I cranberry walk.
       I just figured out why Teslas are so expensive. It's because they charge  a lot.
(LW)   I just found out my father was a mime.....he never spoke about it!
(LSW)  I just found out the company that produced yardsticks won't be making them any longer.
(LSW)  I just found out the neighborhood had a meeting about the crazy person on the block. It's weird that they didn't invite me.
(LSWN) I just got a call from my son's school. The principal told me that he's been acting up in class. My response was, "he act's up at home all the time but I don't call you, do I?
       I just got a job at a factory that makes electrical outlets, they said they hired me because I seem to be well grounded.
       I just got a new job making plastic Draculas. There are only two of us on the assembly line so I have to make every second Count.
---    I just got hit ay a rental car. It Hertz.
(LSW)  I just got pulled over by a cop. He asked me if I had a police record. Apparently "Roxanne" was not the answer he wanted.
       I just heard that with all this pronoun talk, Chocolate has now identified as Her/She.
(LW)   I just invented an awesome new word: plagiarism!
       I just joined a club for people who live parallel lines. When do you meet? Never!
       I just met this Australian fella who works in IT...I said: "Do you come from a LAN down under?".
       I just noticed two large bumps on my car battery. Had them tested and one came back positive. Hope it's not terminal.
       I just read a great book about how steel ships are held together. It was riveting.
       I just read that 4,154,237 people got married last year. Maybe it's the math teacher in me, but shouldn't that be an even number?
	   I just read you have to put your headlights on when it’s raining in Sweden. How am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden?
       I just realized that the word "seven" has "even" in it. That's odd!
(LS)   I just released my own fragrance. Nobody else in the car seemed to like it.
       I just saved over $25,000 on a new car battery. because my car runs on gas.
       I just saw on the news that a man has discovered how to do origami backwards! More on this story as it unfolds...
(LSW)  I just saw this fella steal some flowers and the woman from the shop was running after him. I thought I'd encourage her...So I shouted....Run Florist, Run!!
(LSW)  I just spent $199 on a talking scale...then I stepped on it and it told me to come back later when I was ALONE!!
       I just spent 20 minutes searching for my phone in the car...while using my phone as a flashlight.
       I just spent 45 minutes on the treadmill. Tomorrow, the goal is to turn it on.
       I just want to say that whoever snuck the "S" into "Fast Food" was really sneaky.
       I keep all my dad jokes in a dad-a-base!
(LW)   I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work!
(LW)   I left my phone at home and needed to make a call but the pay phone at the bar had been replaced with a defibrillator…..I was shocked!
       I like to keep a supply of palindromes in my reward drawer.
       I lived in a houseboat and dated the girl next door. But eventually, we drifted apart.
(LW)   I lost my wife’s audiobook….And now I’ll never hear the end of it!
       I lost three fingers on my right hand, so I asked my doctor if I would still be able to write with it. He said: "maybe, but I wouldn't count on it."
       I love my job. Lately, colleagues have been writing names on the food in the office fridge. I'm currently eating a yogurt called Susan. How cute!
       I love watching programs about lakes and rivers on the internet. Anything water related really.
       I made Thanksgiving puns all night and was on a roll but now I yam so tired I cranberry stay awake.
       I made a graph of all my past relationships. It has an ex asis and a why axis.
       I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from The Peanuts, The Cranberries and Eminem. I call it my Trail mix.
---    I married my wife for her looks. Just not the ones she's been giving me lately.
       I met a magical Genie. He gave me one wish. I said, "I wish I could be you". The Genue saud, "Weurd wush but U wull grant ut."
       I met a nun who wiped her nose on her clothes. She had a nasty habit.
       I met a woman outside the mall crying, she had lost $200, so I gave her $40 from the $200 I had found. When God blesses you, you must bless others.
       I met this beautiful girl last night, she phones me today and says: "Come on over, no one's home!". So I got there, and there was no one home.
(LSW)  I misplaced Dwayne Johnson's cutting tool for the origami workshop. I can't believe I lost the Rock's Paper Scissors.
       I never finish anything. I have a black belt in Partial Arts.
	   I noticed that our waitress name was Sierra so I asked if she was named after the mountains or the soda. She tried to bop me on my head with the menu but I ducked, yeah, Sierra mist.
(LSW)  I noticed we Americans use a lot of French words regularly, such as hors d'oeuvres. And that's just for starters.
       I offered the old women next door $5 to have a go on her stair lift....I think she's going to take me up on it.
(LW)   I once did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words!
       I once got sent out of class at school for being too sarcastic. The teacher yelled at me, "What would your parents say if I called them?" I replied, "Hello?"
(LSW)  I once lived in a home with four foot ceilings. I couldn't stand living there.
       I opened a gym, where the instructors would go from door to door, to tell people about the benefits of joining it. I've named it Jehovah's Fitness.
(LW)   I ordered a book online, “How to Avoid Scams”. It’s been 8 months and I’m still waiting!
       I overdosed on viagra the other day. It was the hardest day of my life.
(LS)   I own intelligent farm animals. One's learned to drive a boat. I'd show you, but unfortunately that sheep has already sailed.
       I own two shirts and some neckwear that used to belong to a gjy who was in The Mamas & the Papas. All the sleeves are brown, and the tie is grey.
       I phoned my wife earlier and asked her if she wanted me to pick up fish and chips on my way home from work but she just grunted at me. I think she still regrets letting me name the twins.
       I phoned my work this morning and said, "Sorry boss, I can't come in today, I have a wee cough." He said, "You hve a wee cough?" I said, "Really? Thanks boss, see you next week!"
       I played frisbee with a dog yesterday. It didn't work out very well. I think I need a flatter dog.
       I put a pair of glasses on and suddenlysaw a fella in a suit of armour. They were knight vision goggles...
(LSW)  I put my Grandma on speed dial....I call that instagram!
       I quit calling my bathroom the John. I started calling it the gym so I could tell people I want to the gym every morning.
(LSW)  I quit my job as a butler in a stately home...I didn't like being spoken to in that Manor!
       I quit my job as a scuba diving instructor after giving my first lesson. Deep down, I realized it wasn't for me.
(LSW)  I quit my job in at the Helium factory today. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone!
       I ran for the first time with my Fitbit on. It detected me running, and asked if my life was in danger, or if tacos were on sale for $1 again.
       I read a book about a young girl in the 1940's who got food poisoning from the hot dog she made. It was titled: "The Diarrhea of Anne's Frank."
(LSW)  I read that a man is suing "Smart Water" for not making hime smart, so I'd like to formally announce my lawsuit against "Thin Mints".
(L)    I recently bought a toilet brush....long story short, I'm going back to toilet paper.
       I recently called an old engineering buddy of mine and asked what he was working on these days. He replied that he was working on "aqua-thermal treatment of ceramics, aliminum and steel under a constrained environment." I was imporessed until, upon further inquire, I learned that he was washing dishes with hot water under his wife's supervision.
       I recently failed an English test at high school. I couldn't think of another word for 'gambler'. I really should have known 'bettor'.
(LSW)  I recently found a round, black piece of plastic, with a hole in the middle and grooves on both sides. I picked it up and threw it. It flew for more than 300 yards. I'm sure that must have been a record!
       I recently ran an ultra marathon in northern Sweden...I realized that I had gone way off course as soon as I crossed the Finnish line.
	   I recently started a class on meditation. Now, for breakfast every morning, I have an ommmmmelet...
       I recently took a pole and found out that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed.
       I recently wrote a song about tortillas...well actually it's more of a wrap.
       I remember as a kid my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing but when I got home, the signs where all there.
(LW)   I remember when air was free at the gas station. Now it costs $1.50. That’s what I call inflation!
(LS)   I said to the stewardess "What height are we flying at?". She replied: "36000 ft or maybe 33000 ft...what does it matter, you idiot?". She definitely had an altitude problem.
       I sat down for dinner at a restaurant, and the waiter asked me, "Do you want to hear today's special?". I said, "Yes please." Waiter: "No problem sir. Today is special."
       I saw a beehive with no exit. Unbelievable.
(LSW)  I saw a man crying while mowing his lawn. I asked him. "Is everything OK?" He replied: "I'm just going through a rough patch."
(LSW)  I saw a man going up a hill with a trolley full of horseshoes, four-leaf clovers and rabbits feet. I thought: "Wow, he's pushing his luck!
       I saw a man standing with a sign yesterday that said,  'I'm looking for Werk." I went over to help him out and correct his spelling but apparently that's how you spell his brother's name.
(LSW)  I saw a microbiologist today...He was much bigger than I expected.
       I saw a nice flock of cows today. Herd of cows. Of course I have. They go "moo".
       I saw a pigeon open its mouth without making a sound and realized I'd just witnessed a failed coo attempt.
       I saw an ad for a cheap crystal ball. I thought, "That's worth looking into."
(LW)   I saw toast at the zoo once. Apparently it was bread in captivity.
       I sent my hearing aids for repair 2 weeks ago. Haven't heard anything since.
	   I signed up for a Chess tournament, but they declined my application after they found out about my Checkered past!
       I spent $400 on a limousine and discovered that the fee doesn't include a driver. Can't believe I've spent all that money ad have nothing to chauffeur it.
(LW)   I spent $80 on a belt that didn’t fit. My wife said it was a huge waist!
       I started dating a weather girl. It's nice to have a woman that's wrong most of the time.
(LSW)  I stood waving to my neighbor for 10 minutes this morning before realizing she was cleaning her windows.
       I struggle with Roman Numerals until I get to 159. Then it just CLIX.
       I suggested to the national park service we release clay pigeons back into the wild. That idea was immediately shot down.
       I taught a wolf to meditate. Now he's aware wolf.
       I taught my kids about democracy tonight by having them vote on which movie to watch and pizza to order. I then picked the movie and pizza because I'm the one with the money.
       I think I'm losing my mind! That's because you've given me a piece of it every day since we got married.
       I think it's disgraceful that after 50 years, people don't know who Neil Armstrong is, or the type of trumpet he played.
	   I think that men who shorten their name to Pat are missing a trick.
       I think my dog always follows me to the bathroom because I always follow him outside and he thinks that's the way it works.
(LW)   I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that's just nuts!
       I thought that training as an airport baggage handler would be fairly simple. ..But actually, there's a lot to take on board.
(W)    I thought the dryer made my clothes shrink. Turns out it was the refrigerator.
       I told my boss I needed a pay raise and that a few other companies were after me. Boss: which ones? Me: Water, Gas & Electric
       I told my daughter that I saw a deer on the way to work this morning. She said, "How do you know it was on its way to work?"
       I told my friend i'd build a model of the Himalayas. He asked: "to scale?" I said: "No, just to look at"
       I told my girl to meet me at the gym...she never showed up...I guess me and her are just not gonna work out
       I told my psychologist I am scared of living in a tall building. He saids it's only an Apartment Complex.
(LSW)  I told my son he shouldn't listen to losers. Now he won't talk to me.
(LW)   I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug!
(LW)   I told my wife this morning she had drawn her eyebrows a little too high. She looked surprised.
       I told my wife: There's only one thing that scares me during Halloween...My wife: "Which is?"  Me: "Exactly"
       I told myself that I should stop drinking, but I'm not going to listen to a drunk who talks to himself.
       I told the waitress my steak was bad. She picked it up, slapped it, put it down and said: "if it gives you more trouble let me know!"
(LSW)  I tried being a comedian, but I had to give it up....people kept laughing at me.
(LS)   I tried donating blood today. NEVER AGAIN! Too many stupid questions; Whose blood is it? Where did you get it from ? Why is it in a bucket?
       I tried to come up with a carpentry pun......that woodwork, I think I nailed it, but nobody saw it.
(LW)   I tried to date a tennis player once, but love meant nothing to her!
       I tried to explain to my four-year-old child that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he's still making fun of me.
(LW)   I tried to have a conversation with my wife when she was applying a mud mask. You should have seen the filthy look she gave me.
       I tried to re-marry my ex-wife...but she figured out I was only after my money.
(LW)   I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage....I lost my case!
       I tried to write a drinking song, but I couldn't make it past the first few bars.
	   I Tripped and hit my head on a snare drum. I think I may have a percussion.. 
(LW)   I turned down a job where I would be paid in vegetables. The celery was unacceptable!
(LSW)  I used to be a bus driver but I had to quit. I was fed up with people talking behind my back.
       I used to be a nice guy until Ruth left me...now I'm Ruthless.
(LW)   I used to be addicted to Thanksgiving leftovers. I had to quit cold turkey.
       I used to have a dog who did magic. It was a labracadabrador.
	   I used to have two kidneys. Then I grew up. Now I have two adult knees.
       I used to just crastinate but I got so good I went pro.
(LSW)  I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
       I used to think I was indecisive, now I'm not so sure.
       I used to wonder about people that paid a fortune for those little bottles of Evian water until I read it backwards...
(LW)   I used to work at a calendar factory, but I got fired after I took a couple of days off.
       I used to work at a coal pit. But later became an Actor. For some reason I was only ever cast in miner roles.
       I used to work for a tree trimming company. I was a branch manager.
(LSW)  I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home. So I threw him out. I hate visitors.
       I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64k, 128k, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
       I walked into a pub with my wife. The Landlord said, "Would you like a beer for your wife?" I said: "That sounds like a fair swap."
       I walked into the pet store and I spoke to the guy at the counter. "I'm looking for an inexpensive pet and I heard your birds are going cheep"
(LS)   I want to create a product that's a laxative, but also contains Advil for the pain. I'll call it Ibepoopin!
       I want to grow my own food but I can't find bacon sees.
(LSW)  I want to say that comforters are always superior to quilts...but I don't like to make blanket statements.
(LSW)  I wanted to be a doctor, but I didn't have the patients.
(LS)   I wanted to go jogging, but Proverbs 28:1 says "The wicked run when no one is chasing them"...so there's that!   
       I wanted to learn how to drive a stick shift, but I couldn’t find a manual.
(LW)   I wanted to thank everyone for sticking with me while I figured out the meaning of "many". It means a lot.
(S)    I was a sigh that said "Falling Rocks". So I tried and it doesn't 
       I was a table for free but decided not to take it. It was a round table, so I couldn't use it during the day. Round tables are for knights.
       I was abducted by aliens. They made me wash my hands, clean my room, and eat my vegetables. Turns out I was on the mothership.
       I was at Walmart the other day and saw some Batman shampoo. I looked and couldn't believe they didn't have Conditioner Gordon.
       I was attacked by a flock of sheep today. Luckily, I was only grazed.
---    I was drinking a beer and the bartender yelled "Does anyone know CPR"? I replied, "I know the entire alphabet" Everyone laughed....well, except for this one guy...
       I was driving to the airport to catch my flight when I saw a sign that said: "Airport Left". So I turned around and went home.
       I was feeling bad about the future today, but then I installed the new version of office. It improved my outlook.
(LSW)  I was flying a kite in the park today and this fella came up and asked: "You flying a kite?". I blinked and replied with a straight face: "Nope, I'm fishing for birds!"
       I was going to cook alligator...but I realized I only had a crock pot.
(LSW)  I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year. But then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
(LW)   I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
       I was having trouble with my computer at work so I called IT Support...He said, "Have you tried disabling cookies?" I said, "Well, I once bit the legs off of gingerbread man!"
       I was having trouble with my internet at the farm, so I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable wifi.
       I was horrified when my wife told me that my six-year-old-son wasn't actually mine. Apparently I need to pay more attention during school pick-up.
(LSW)  I was hurt yesterday when a chandelier fell on me. I went to the hospital but, fortunately, I only had light injuries!
       I was in a Café happily dipping my biscuits in other people's tea and they called the police...
Said I was Dunkin' disorderly.
(LSW)  I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
       I was in a restaurant last night when the waitress shouted "Anyone know CPR"? I said "I know the whole alphabet". Everyone laughted except one guy!
       I was in a taxi the other day and the drive said, "do you mind if I put some music on?" I said "not at all" He said "Kiss"? I said, "Let's listen to the music first and see how we feel"
       I was in a taxi today and the drive said, "I love my job. I'm my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do." Then I said: "Turn left here."
       I was in my care driving back from work when a police officer pulled me over and knocked on my window. I said, "One minute, I'm on the phone."
(S)    I was just hired by a bicycle-wheel making company. I am their spokesperson.
       I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
       I was my math teacher walking down the corridor holding some graph paper. I thought, "he's plotting something".
(LW)   I was on a diabetes awareness website and it asked me if I accept cookies...Is this a trick question?
       I was orphaned at a young age and raised by a pack of hyenas. No toys, no posh house, facing starvation scouring for food, but boy, did we have some laughs!
       I was out having lunch with an old frind. I pointed to two older gentlemen sitting on the other side of the dining room and said, "That'll be us someday." My friend said, "That's a mirror!"
(LSW)  I was out walking the dogs today and someone asked me if they were Jack Russells. I replied, "No they're mine!"
       I was out with my young daughter and ran into a friend I'd not seen in years.  "This is Beth." I said, introducing my kid. "And what's Beth short for?", he asked. "Because she's only three,", I replied.
       I was out with the wife the other day walking around the National Gallery looking at all the painting, sculpture, statues and realized how it all enhanced our planet. I look at my wife and asked; "I wonder what Earth would be like with no art in it?". The looked at me a bit bemused: "Eh?......"
	   I was so confused last night my printer was playing music, Turns out my paper was just Jammin.
(LSW)  I was playing chess with my friend and he said, "Let's make this interesting." So we stopped playing chess.
(LW)   I was playing with a boomerang and couldn't remember how to use it. Then it came back to me!
       I was racking up to play pool with my son, and he said: "Do you wanna break?" "Why?" I said. "We haven't even started yet!"
(LW)   I was really struggling to get my wife’s attention….So, I sat down on the sofa and looked comfortable. That did the trick!
(LSW)  I was so bored sitting at home that I memorized six pages of the dictionary. I learned next to nothing.
(LSW)  I was terrible at spelling when I was at school. Brilliant at jography though!
(LSW)  I was thrown out of the break room of my Walmart yesterday. They asked me what I was doing there. I told them I was on a break. They said you don't work here. I said I'd just finished using the self-checkout so clearly I do.
       I was trying to figure out why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
       I was walking in the jungle and saw a lizard on his hind legs telling jokes. I turned to a local tribesman and said "That lizards really funny!" The tribesman replied, "That's not a lizard....He's a stand up chameleon...."
       I was walking past a farm and a sign said "Duck, eggs". I thought: "That's an unnecessary comma - and then it hit me."
(LSW)  I was watching a show called "Ten Ways to Avoid a Shark Attack" and was surprised that stay out of the water wasn't on the list.
(LW)   I was watching the Bermuda Philharmonic Orchestra last night and the fella on the triangle disappeared!
       I wasn't able to make reservations at the library. They're...completely booked.
       I watched a documentary on beavers last night. Best damn show I've ever seen.
       I went fishing last weekend. and there was this guy splashing about in the middle of the lake shouting "I can't swim! I can't swim!" I said, "it's alright, pointing at a nearby sign, "It says no swimming!"
(LW)   I went for a run but came back home after 2 minutes because I forgot something. I forgot that I'm fat and can't run for more than 2 minutes.
(LSWN) I went for an interview for a job today and the manager said, “We’re looking for someone who’s responsible.” “Well, I’m your man.”, I replied, “In my last job, whenever anything went wrong, they said I was responsible”!
       I went on a once in a lifetime holiday never again
       I went to McDonald's and ordered 2 large fries. They gave me around 75 tiny ones instead.
(LW)   I went to a bookstore and saw a book titled: How to solve 50% of your problems". I bought 2.
       I went to a fancy dress party last night dressed as a screwdriver. Turned a few heads.
	   I went to a new masseuse last week. Turns out she was dyslexic. I dunno - she just rubbed me the wrong way….
(LW)   I went to a psychic. I knocked on her front door. She yelled: “Who is it?” So I left!
(LS)   I went to a restaurant yesterday and ate a pelican sandwich. It tasted ok, but the bill was huge!
(LSW)  I went to a smoke shop only discover it was now an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar.
(LSW)  I went to an archaeology party recently where they were only looking for remains of a lower leg...it was quite the shindig.
       I went to an outside restaurant yesterday, it started to rain and it took me two hours to finish my soup.
       I went to see a theatrical production about a un...It was a play on words.
(LW)   I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. "Which ear is it?", he asked. "2022", I replied!
       I went to the doctor's office the other day and said: "I broke my arn in two places." The doctor replied: "Stop going to those places!"
       I went to the local video store and asked if I could borrow Batman Forever. They said no, you'll have to bring it back tomorrow.
       I wish I was as fat as I was the first time I thought I was fat.
       I woke up laughing today...I must have slept funny.
(LSW)  I won $3 million and donated a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
(LS)   I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet? I asked my 18 brothers and sisters and they don't know either.
       I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
---    I would like to be a millionaire just like my dad. He always wanted to be a millionaire too.
(LSW)  I would love to get paid to sleep. It would be a dream job!
       I you think my prose is bad, just remember...it could be verse.
(LS)   I you weigh 200 pounds on earth, you'll be only 76 pounds on mars. You're not overweight, you're just on the wrong planet.
       I"m currently reading a book about a couple of insects who fall in love in an Italian city. It's a Rome ants novel.
       I'm a fisherman, and I'm dating a mermaid. I met her online.
       I'm always surprised when heavily tattooed couples have a baby and it comes out blank.
(LW)   I'm an optimistic pessimist. I'm positive things will go wrong.
       I'm at the airport and there's a womon completely passed out on the baggage carousel! She's slowly coming around now.
       I'm best man at my buddy's second wedding...Is it appropirate to open my dinner speech with "Welcome back everyone"?
       I'm creating an app to find qualified electricians in your area. It's called wattsapp.
	   I'm currently reading a book called: 'Swimming the English Channel'...by Francis Neer.
       I'm doing one of those escape rooms today...Well work...I'm going to work, but trying to figure out how to get out of it.
(LSW)  I'm going to take up coin collecting. The change will do me good.
       I'm going to write a book about all the things I should have done with my life. I'll call it my oughtabiography.
       I'm gonna go take a hot shower. It's like a normal shower, but with me in it.
       I'm gonna work on being less condescending. (Condescending means to talk down to people)
(LW)   I'm having trouble organizing a hide-and-seek tournament. Good players are hard to find!
       I'm making a new documentary on how to fly a plane. We're currently filming the pilot.
(LW)   I'm never again donating money to anyone collecting for a marathon. They just take the money and run!
       I'm not aging like fine wine, I'm aging like milk - getting sour and chunky.
       I'm not saying I'm attractive. But when I take my clothes off in the bathroom the shower gets turned on.
       I'm not saying I'm old, I'm just saying that my dinner time and bed time are getting dangerously close to each other.
       I'm not wearing glasses anymore. I've seen enough.
       I'm on a plane and the lunch choices are: white meat chicken or German saugage. Unfortunately, I'm seated in the last row. I'm hoping for the breast, but preparing for the wurst.
(LSW)  I'm reading a horror book in Braille. Something bad is going to happen. I can feel it.
       I'm really excited about the amateur autopsy club I've joined...Tuesday is open Mike night.
       I'm so glad I was able to convince my daughter not to date this guy named Kelvin. He's an absolute zero.
(LW)   I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
       I'm so proud of my 18 year old son. I gave him a puzzle that said "2-3 years" on it and he completed it in 2 minutes.
       I'm so terrified of asking my wife to clean up after cooking breakfast that...I've been walking on eggshells all day long!
       I'm starting a combination coffee shop and family law office and calling it Grounds for Divorce.
       I'm starting a new dating service in Prague. It's called Czech-Mate.
       I'm starting to do lunges. It's a big step forward.
       I'm starting up a new restaurant that serves curry poured over french fries. It's called "Curry on my wayward spud.' And yes...there'll be peas when you are done.
       I'm thinking of going to a fancy dress party in a straitjacket. But I'm just not sure if I can pull it off.
       I've asked my wife to polish my medieval battle uniform while I go to the pub. She always said she wanted a night in, shining armor.
       I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants...Feefiphobia...
(LSW)  I've been experimenting with breeding racing deer...People have accused me of just tryin gto make a fast buck!
       I've been reading a book called "How to Use a Ladder". Well, it's more of a step-by-step guide.
	   I've been reading a Tolstoy book....Really disappointed. I'm 50 pages in and no sign of Woody or Buzz yet.
       I've been taking viagra for my sunburn. It doesn't cure it, but it keeps the sheets off my legs.
       I've been trying to break up with an Optician recently...it's really hard! Every time I tell her I can't see her anymore she moves an inch closer and says: "How about now?"
       I've changed my Facebook username to NOBODY...So now when piople post crap, I can press the 'like' button and it'll say NOBODY likes this.
       I've entered the snapdragon part of my life. Part of me has snapped and the other part is dragging!
       I've gotten really good at ruining family photos...i can do it with my eyes closed.
       I've just bought a Humpty Dumpty toy from Aldi, it's brilliant, it comes with Aldi Kings horses and Aldi Kings men.
	   I've just made the world's biggest pizza base..I'd like to see someone try and top that
       I've never seen the inside of my ears. But I've heard good things.
       I've never trusted stairs. They're always up to something.
       I've often heard that "icy" is the easiest word to spell. Looking at it now, I see why.
       I've opened a restaurant called "Peace and Quiet". Kids meals only $150.
       I've started a band called 999 megabytes...we haven't gotten a gig yet.
(LSW)  I've started investing in stocks...first chicken, then beef, now vegetable. Despite the potential risks I believe one day I'll be a bouillionaire.
(LW)   I've started telling people about the benefits of dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness!
(LW)   I've started telling people about the benefits of dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness!
(LW)   If 666 is all evil. Then 25.8069758 is the root of all evil.
       If I could say one good thing about my wife's cooking, she sure broke that dog from begging at the table.
       If I had 50 cents for every math test I'd failed, I'd have $7.25.
       If I had a dollar for every woman that didn't find me attractive, i'd have enough money for them all to find me attractive.
(LSW)  If I'm reading their lips correctly...my neighbors are arguing about some creepy guy next door.
       If a Psychiatrist puts you in a straight jacket, you're shrink wrapped
(LW)   If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
(LW)   If a child refuses to sleep during naptime, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
(LSW)  If a cowboy is happy does that make him a Jolly Rancher?
       If a Dolphin tells you an offensive joke, you wonder if he did it on Porpoise!
       If a drummer comes out of retirement, will there be repercussions?
       If a plant is sad...do other plants photosympathise with it.
       If a woman marries a man who already has grandchildren, does she become an Instagram?
       If at first you don't succeed...try doing it the way your wife told you...
       If I were a triangle I would be a cute one.
       If I were rich I would give most of mymoney to the poor. But, instead I'm poor so I give most of my money to the rich.
(W)    If it's raining cats and dogs don't step on a poodle.
(LSW)  If laziness was an Olympic sport, I'd probably come in fourth so I wouldn't need to walk up to the podium.
       If mediums can communicate with the dead, imagine what a large could do.
(LW)   If money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
       If my wife's sister was a criminal, would that make her my sister-out-law?
	   If people were not meant to have late night snacks, why is there a light in the refrigerator.
       If the No. 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still No. 2?
       If the tinfoil hat crowd secretly runs everything, would that make them....The Aluminati?
       If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
       If vegetables are so good, explain to me why vegans are always trying to get them to taste like meat?
       If we are to be serious about saving the planet, we should stop printing calendars. They're the reason our days are numbered.
       If we get rid of all the margerine, the world will be a butter place.
       If you are being chased by a pack of taxidermists...do not play dead.
       If you don't clean your mirror. It will reflect badly on you.
       If you drive a Subaru in reverse, what are you? U r a bus.
       If you feel like running naked, just spray yourself with Windex. It prevents streaking.
       If you say gullible very very slowly, it sounds like you're saying oranges.
(LW)   If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
       If you see me talking to myself, do not be concerned, I am self employed and I am having a staff meeting.
(LSW)  If you serve your kids frozen pizza or chicken nuggets for dinner, you are a terrible parent...I don't care how busy you are, find the time to microwave them.
       If you spell the words "Absolutely Nothing" backwards, you get "Gnihton Yletulosba..." which ironically means...Absolutely nothing.
       If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks. It cost me an arm and a let!
(LS)   If you watch Jaws backwards it is a heartwarming story about a shark who gives arms & legs to disabled people!
       If you're buying smart water for $4 a bottle...it's not working.
	   If you’re feeling cold just stand in the corner. It’s 90 degrees!
       If your dentist fixed your cavities with different colors, would it be ok, or would you have...mixed fillings?
(LSW)  If your parents never had children, chances re you won't either.
       If your wife says she will be ready in 5 minutes, she will be. No need to remind her every 15 minutes about it.
       I'm currently viewing a woman's profile on a dating site: Blonde 33 From London Great Personality 5 ft 3 green eyes. Don't get me wrong, I like short girls, but 3 green eyes? No wonder she cn't find a date.
       I'm making a new documentary on how to fly a plane. We're currently filming the pilot.
       Imagine a world in which YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook merge to become known as YouTwitFace.
	   Imagine how noisy it would be if centipedes wore flip-flops.
       In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
(LW)   In Britain, they call it a “lift” but we Americans call it an “elevator”. I guess we’re just raised differently.
(LW)   In a safety meeting at work they asked me what steps I’d take in a fire. Apparently “Really big and fast ones” was the wrong answer!
       In college I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them!
(LSW)  In college I was so broke I couldn't afford the electricity bill. Those were the darkest days of my life.
(LW)   In college, I worked to construct and pave a cul-de-sac. It was a dead-end job!
       In general, puns are corny, But puns about eyes are even cornea.
(LW)   In the 17th century people were so baroque. They were luting in the streets.
(LSW)  In the old west, they would mount a lantern on their horse for travelling at night. It was the 1st form of saddle light navigation.
       In the past the poor had horses and the rich had cars. now the poor have cars and only the rich have horses. How the stables have turned.
       Incorrectly is the only word that when spelled right, is still spelled incorrectly.
(LW)   Initially, I didn’t believe that my chiropractor was any good. But now I stand corrected!
       Insomnia is terrible. But on the plus side...Only three more sleeps till Christmas.
(LSW)  Instead of Drew, I'm going to name my kid Driew. Now I know what you're thinking, but it's only weird if you say it backwards.
       Interviewer: Have you ever been fired? Applicant: Yes, many times.  Interviewer: Please elaborate. Applicant: I was a human cannonball with a circus.  Interviewer: Did they replace you? Applicant: They tried but they couldn't find another man of my caliber.
(LW)   Interviewer: What would you say is your biggest strength? Me. I’m very fast at math. Interviewer: Alright. What is 39 times 28? Me: 67 Interviewer: That’s not even close. Me: No, but it was fast!
       Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards......creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
       Is the 'S' or 'C' in scent silent?
	   It doesn't matter if you're tall, short, fat, thin, rich, poor, at the end of the day....it's night.
       It turns out that moist people don't mind small typos.
(W)    It was a sad and disappointing day when I discovered my Universal Remote Control did not, if fact, control the Universe.....not even remotely!
       It's a 5 minutes walk from my house to the pub. It's a 30 minute walk from the pub to my house. The difference is staggering.
       It's a five minute walk from my house to the bar, but a 45 minute walk from the bar to my house. The difference is staggering.
       It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
       It's my wife's birthday next week and she's been leaving jewelry catalogs all over our house. So I got her a magazine rack.
       It's okay if you have no idea what "prefix" means. It's not the end of the word.
       It's really hard to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells on the sea shore.
(LW)   I’ll tell you what really annoys me; people who get well-known phrases wrong...I mean, its not rocket surgery...
(LW)   I’m a social vegan… I’m avoiding meets.
(LW)   I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
(LW)   I’m thinking of getting a new haircut, but I need to mullet over~
(LW)   I’m trying to convince my dad to get a new hearing aid. But he just won’t listen!
(LW)   I’ve always wondered if songbirds get mad at hummingbirds for not knowing the wordsf
(LW)   I’ve been banned from the Secret Cooking Society….I keep spilling the beans!
(LW)   I’ve been bored recently so I’ve decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
       Jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I gues they don't appreciate random people oming up to their door.
       Job Interviewer: where do you see yourself in the next five years?
       Job interviewer: Where do you see yourself in 5 years. Me: I would say my biggest weadness is listening.
       Joe is in love with two women. One makes fantastic pancakes and the other writes great poetry. He wants to marry one but can't decide for batter or verse!
(LSW)  Julie Andrews will no longer endorse cheap lipstick. It crumbles easily and gives her bad breath. She explains: "The super color fragile lipstick gives me halitosis!"
(LSW)  Just a warning. If you buy a watch that says you can swim with it. This only applies if you can already swim!
       Just been to the gym. They've got a new machine in. Only used it for half an hour as I started to feel sick. It's great though. It does everything....Kit Kats, Mars bars, Snickers, Chips, the lot....
       Just cost me $1. Yes, one american dollar, to put air in my tires. Used to be 25cents. Suppose that' inflation for you.
(LSW)  Just found the worst page in the entire dictionary. What I saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest, and disingenuous.
(LSW)  Just got hospitalized due to a peekaboo accident. They put me in the ICU.
       Just learned the word for constipation in German....Farfrompoopen.
       Just opened my water bill and my electricity bill at the same time...I was shocked.
(LW)   Just reading that there's a small island off the coast of Italy which is inhabited by 5 million Sicillion people. That's the biggest number I've ever heard.
       Just saw a burglar breaking into his own house. I asked him what he was doing and he said "Working from home".
       Just saw a real idiot at the gym. He put a water bottle in the Pringle holder on the treadmill.
       Just so everybody's clear. I'm going to put my glasses on.
       Ladies and gentlemen, wlecome to the 1st annual meeting of the assumption club. I think we all know why we are here.
       Lance isn't a common name these days, but in medieval times, people were named Lance a lot.
       Last night I dreamed i'd wrote all the Lord of the Rings books...I was Tolkien in my sleep.
       Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
	   Last night I had a nightmare that I was trapped in a giant snow globe. I was really shook up.
(LW)   Last night I had a terrible dream that I had to make a thousand pancakes. I was tossing and turning all night long!
       Last night I ordered a glass of wine with my dinner and the waiter asked for my ID. I replied do I look that young and the waiter said "No. I just wanted to see if you qualified for the Senior citizen discount."
       Last night, while my wife was asleep, I decided to write algebraic terms all over her. you should have seen the expression on her face.
(LSW)  Last year I joined a support group for procrastinators. We haven't met yet.
       Lately my posts have all been going viral. I guess that means I'm now an influenzer.
(LSW)  Laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life...laughing at your wife's mistakes can shorten it.
       Leaving my job at the chemical factory. It's a toxic workplace.
       Life is like a helicopter...i don't know how to operate a helicopter.
(LS)   Little Johnny asks the teacher, "Can I be punished for something I haven't done?" The teacher is shocked. "Of course not, Johnny! That would be very unfair!" Johnny is relieved. "That's good to know,", he says, "Because I haven't done my homework."
(LSW)  Little known fact - Captain Hook, bought his hook from a second hand store.
(LSW)  Little known fact: Before the crowbar was invented. Crows simply drank at home.
       Losing weight doesn't seem to be working for me, so from now on I'm going to concentrate on getting taller.
       MATH. The only subject that counts.
(LW)   Madonna is trying to get the Spice Girls back together. They’re gonna call her Old Spice!
       Managing your weight around the holidays just required a little planning...for example, I took the batteries out of my scale on Wednesday.
       Master, what do you call 5 Sith impaled on a light saber? A sith-kebab.
       "May you live as long as you want and not want for as long as you live." That's an Irish toast. "Cinnamon, eggs, bread, and maple syrup." That's a French toast.
       Me and the wife are taking up carpentry as a hobby, my neighbor said I didn't know you were carpenters, I said "We've only just begun".
       Me: I'd say my biggest weakness is listening. (S)
       Me: I'm terrified of random letters! Therapist: you are? Me: [scream] Therapist: I see.
       Me: It's not about how many times you fall, it's about how many times you get back up. Cop: That's not how field sobriety tests work.
       Me: It's not about how many times you fall. It's about how many times you get back up. Office: Yeah, that's not how field sobriety test works..."
       Music is just like candy...It's good once you get rid of the rapper.
(LS)   My 3 favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.
       My 6-year old daughter has lined up all of her dolls towards the outdoor grill. Looks like she's preparing some kind of barbie queue.
       My Doctor said that he'd like to talk about my weight. I said it was about 25 minutes, but at least the chairs were comfy.
       My GPS just told me to run around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
       My GPS just told me to turn around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
(LSW)  My Grandma always used to say 'take everything with a pinch of salt'. Lovely woman but made terrible tea.
(LW)   My New Year’s resolution is to read more….so I’ve turned on the subtitles on my television!
       My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow.
       My Tinder bio says that I have a corner office with views of the entire city, drive a $500,000 vehicle, and that I'm paid to travel. My dates are always upset when I tell them I'm a bus driver.
       My ability to remember song lyrics from the 80's far exceeds my ability to remember why I walked into the kitchen.
       My acupuncturist seemed to take forever to get all of the needles into me. He's such a slow poke.
       My band plays at the prison on weekends. We always have a captive audience.
(LW)   My bank really likes me. They called me and said my credit card balance is outstanding
       My big raise was in my paycheck today. On my way home I bought a world map which I hung when I got home. I gave my wife a dart and said, "Throw this and wherever it lands we'll go there on vacation". Turns out we're spending two weeks behind the fridge.
       My bills ain't even bills anymore. They're grown...I call them Williams.
(LW)   My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
(LW)   My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
(LSW)  My boss calls me "the computer". Nothing to do with intelligence, I go to sleep if left unattended for 15 minutes.
       My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it could be me.
       My boss texted me "hey send me one of your funny jokes." I said: "I'm working at the moment, I'll send you one later." He replied: "now that was hilarious. Send me another one."
(LW)   My boss told me that as a security guard, it's my job to watch the office. I'm on season 6 but I'm not really sure what it's got to do with security!
(LSW)  My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
(LSW)  My boss wants me to sign up for a 401K. No way I'm running that far!
       My car is making a horrible noise. Have you tried removing the Mariah Carey Christmas CD?
(LW)   My coworkers laugh at my jokes in in-person meetings, but never in online meetings. When I asked them why, they said that my jokes weren’t remotely funny!
       My dad once told me that if I put a potato in my swim trunks, I would attract more women...He forgot to tell me to put the potato in the front.
       My dad told me to make little things count? So now I'm teaching math to dwarfs.
       My dad used to say to me 'When one door closes another will open'. He was a brilliant philosopher but a terrible cabinet maker.
       My daughter got chocolate on her math homework. I'm very concerned. Only 6 years old and she's already fudging numbers.
	   My dentist said my teeth were stained. He asked, "Do you smoke or drink coffee?" I said, "I drink it."
       My doctor has advised me to stop drinking, it's going to be a massive change for me. I've been with that doctor for 15 years.
       My doctor just diagnosed me with a severe lack of awareness. That came out of nowhere.
(LSWN) My doctor said I need to diet and get back to my original weight. I'm concerned because, 7 lb. 6 oz. just doesn't seem realistic.
       My doctor says I have a narcissistic personality disorder. But that's impossible - as the smartest man alive I would have noticed.
(LW)   My doctor told me I'm going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear!
(LSW)  My doctor told me to watch what I eat. So I went to a petting zoo.
(LSW)  My ex-girlfriend just told me she wants us to get back together again. Man, I sure am Lucky! I mean, first I win the lottery and now this!
(LSW)  My ex-girlfriend still misses me, but her aim is getting better.
       My family told me to stop telling Thanksgiving jokes, but I told them I couldn't quit "cold turkey".
       My father made the best bread. I asked him for his secret, but he wouldn't tell me. Said it was on a knead-to-dough basis only.
       My favorite childhood memory is building sand castles with my grandfather. Until my mother took the urn from me.
	   My favorite piece of furniture is my reclining chair...We go back a long way..
	   My friend asked me if I had ever been abroad? I said: "No, I've always been a fella!" 
(LW)   My friend decided to become an archeologist….now his life is in ruins!
(LSW)  My friend is so dumb that when he missed bus 44, he took bus 22 twice.
       My friend David had his ID stolen...I now call him Dav.
(LSW)  My friend Jack claims he can communicate with vegetables. Jack and the beans talk!
       My friend Phillip cut off his lip in a trafic shaving accident. We call him Phil now.
       My friend Rory was recently telling my other friend Alice about the beautiful northern lights and he went on for 5 hours. It was a case of a Rory boring Alice.
(LW)   My friend asked me, "what's the best part about living in Switzerland?" I said "I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
       My friend claims he can build a gun using his new 3D printer. But I'm not impressed. I've had a canon printer for years.
       My friend has a cool job. She works at a police station doing sketches of suspects....she's a con artist.
(LW)   My friend has designed an invisible airplane. I can't see it taking off!
(LSW)  My friend interrupted my day at work and said he's changing his name to "Spinal Cord". I told him I didn't have time to chat so I'd just call him Back.
(W)    My friend is losing his mind over missing a piece of his 5000 piece puzzle. If he thinks that's bad, I'm missing 4999 pieces.
(LW)   My friend keeps saying “cheer up mate, it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water!” I know he means well.
       My friend rang me and said: "Meet me at the Vinyl Shop in 45". I made it there in 33, which was Record Time.
       My friend says to me, "What rhymes with orange?"And I told him, "No it doesn't!"
       My friend's wife left him last week. She said she was going ot for milk and never came back. I asked him how he was coping. He said, "Not bad. I've been using some of that powdered stuff."
       My girlfriend asked if I wanted to start doing yoga with her. I said that puts me in an awkward position.
	   My girlfriend has left me because she says I'm so old fashioned. I'll wager a shilling she's courting a chap who's a scoundrel.
       My girlfriend poked me in the eyes....so I stopped seeing her for a while.
       My girlfriend told me to stop making camera puns. I told her to stop focusing on the negatives and develop a sense of humor. She left me in a flash!
       My girlfriend wants me to choose between her and my career as a reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
       My grand-dad was responsible for 35 downed German planes in WW2. Still to this day holds the record as worst mechanic the Luftwaffe ever had.
(LSW)  My grief counselor died. He was so good I don't even care.
       My half brother and I aren't allowed to play with chainsaws any more.
       My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn't cool.
       My house is haunted by a chicken; A poultrygeist; A fowl spirit; I plan to call an eggsorcist to help it cross to the other side.
       My inflatable house got a puncture yesterday. Now I'm living in a flat.
       My kids said they wanted to go to an "escape room" so I locked them in their bedrooms with a rotary phone, analog tv, a remote control and wrote instructions on how to escape in cursive...it has been 3 days 18hrs and 10 seconds since I have seen them.
(LSW)  My kids were walking around clucking like chickens while I was on a conference call. I had to put myself on mute and ask them to stop...I will not tolerate fowl language in this house.
(LW)   My math teacher called me average. How mean!
       My mom has forbidden me from making any more breakfast puns. She says if I do, I'm toast. My dad keeps egging me on. He's such a ham.
       My mom was a radiologist. She met my dad when he came in for an x-ray. I wonder what she saw in him.
       My mouth waters when I smell steak...I wonder if the same happens to vegans when they mow the grass.
(LS)   My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall...but it was his own dumb asphalt.
       My neighbor couldn't afford his water bill so I got him a get well soon card.
       My neighbor just got arrested for ruining our community garden. They charged him with disturbing the peas.
       My neighbor with huge boobs has been walking around topless all day in the garden. I wish his wife would do the same.
       My nephew needs a job Do you have any suggestions? He should apply for the Search & Rescue Team. They're always looking for someone....
       My nerdy friend just got a PhD on the history of palindromes. Now we call him Dr. Awkward.
(LS)   My new SUV has a button that says, 'Rear Wiper'. I'm afraid to push it.
       My next door neightbor and I are good friends, so we decided to share our water supply. We got a long well.
(LW)   My old job involved crushing cans. I had to quit because it was soda-pressing!
(LSW)  My salad last night was a bit on the dry side. It was a situation that needed addressing!
       My son asked me what procrastinate means. I said: "I'll tell you later."
       My son asked me, "Dad, are we pyromaniacs?" I replied: "Yes, we arson."
       My son bought a new reversible jacket. I can't wait to see how it turns out.
       My son wanted to know what it was like to be a parent. So I woke him at 2am to tell him my sock came off.
---    My son wanted to know what it's like to be married. I asked him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
       My son's fourth birthday was today, but when he came to see me I didn't recognize him at first. I'd never seen him be 4.
(LW)   My son, Luke, loves how I named our kids after Star Wars characters…My daughter, Chewbacca, not so much!
(LSW)  My sone asked me "Where does poo come from?" I was a little uncomfortable but gave him an honest explanation. He looked a little perplexed, and stared at me in stunned silence for a few seconds and then asked, "And Tigger"
       My teacher always said not to worry about correct spelling, because we have autocorrect. And for that I am infernally grapefruit.
(LSW)  My teacher told me not to worry about spelling because in the future there will be auto-correct. And for that, I am eternally grapefruit!
       My teenage son treats me like a god. He acts like I don't exist until he wants something.
       My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far I've finished two bags of M&Ms and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
       My twin brother called me from prison. He said: "You know how we finish each other's sentences?"
       My uncle has 2 Dobermans called Rolex and Timex. They are watch dogs.
       My uncle is a bus driver that circles Big Ben in London. He works around the clock.
(LW)   My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watch dogs!
       My wallet is like an onion. When I open it, it makes me cry.
       My water bed is much bouncier now that I've filled it with spring water.
       My wife accused me of stealing her thesaurus. Not only was I shocked, but I was appalled, aghast, and dismayed.
(LSW)  My wife accuses me of exaggerating.She must have said this a million times.
       My wife an I just celebrated ten years of happy marriage. It was, coincidentally, our 30th wedding anniversary.
(LW)   My wife and I decided we don’t want to have children…. We will be telling them tonight at dinner!
(LW)   My wife and I had this long pointless argument as to which vowel is the most important. I won!
(LW)   My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more!
(LW)   My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are....but I laugh more!
       My wife and I watched every Harry Potter movie back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
       My wife apologized for the first time ever today. She said she's sorry she ever married me.
(LSW)  My wife asked if she could have a little peace and quiet while she cooked dinner. So I took the battery out of the smoke detector.
(LSW)  My wife asked me if I could clear the kitchen table. I had to get a running start but I made it!
(LSW)  My wife asked me if I knew what her favorite flower was. Apparently "gold medal all purpose" was not he correct response.
       My wife asked me if I wanted her to fix dinner. I said "Yes please - the last one you made needed repairs.". It's been a few hours now and I'm still hungry...
       My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store....I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
(LW)   My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list. Now I can’t read anything!
(LW)   My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list. Now I can’t read anything!
       My wife asked me today if I had seen the dog bowl. I said no, I didn't know he could.
---    My wife asked me wjy I never take her out to dinner. I said I don't go out with married women. She said, "But, I'm your wife". I said, "I make no exceptions!"
       My wife asked me why I was doing the dishes while sitting down. Told her it's because I can't stand doing it.
       My wife asked me, "When we go to Egypt, can we go on a camel?". I told her, "Don't be silly. It would take ages to get there."
       My wife asked me, "Why don't you treat me like you did when we were first dating!?" So I took her to dinner and a movie...Then dropped her off at her parents' house.
       My wife asked, "Did you eat my chocolate eclair in the fridge?". I answered, "no, I ate it in the bedroom."
       My wife bet me $1000 I couldn't turn spaghetti into a car. You should have seen her face when I drove pasta!
(LSW)  My wife blocked me on Facebook because I post too many bird puns. Well, toucan play at that game.
       My wife bought a new wreath today made completly of $100 dollar bills! Yep...it's a Wreath of Franklins!
       My wife claims that a man in camoflage is really sexy. I just don't see it.
       My wife complains i don't buy her flowers. To be honest, I didn't know she sold flowers.
       My wife found out I was cheating on her. She found the letters I was hiding under the sofa cushion. Long story short, she says she will never play scrabble with me again.
       My wife gave me an ultimatum. It was her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
       My wife gets angry that I keep introducing her as my ex-girlfriend.
       My wife has banned  me from making any more breakfast puns. She says if I make any more, I'm toast. But my kids keep egging me on.
       My wife has been missing for six days now. Police said to prepare for the worst. So I went to the thrift store to get her clothes back.
(LSW)  My wife has been putting glue all over my rifle collection. She's denying it, but I'm sticking to my guns.
       My wife has begged me to stop making police related puns. I said, "Ok, I'll give it arrest"
       My wife has just phoned me to say that 3 girls in her office have receive flower and they are absolutely gorgeous. I said, "That's probably why."
       My wife is kicking me out because she's fed up with my South american animal puns. "OK,", I said, "Alpaca my bags".
       My wife is leaving me because I'm beginning to go bald. I don't mind....it's Hair loss.
       My wife is pregnant and my doctor asked me if I had ever been present at a childbirth before. I said: "yes, just once." He asked: "What was it like?" I replied: "It was dark, then suddenly very bright."
       My wife is threatening to kick me out of the house because of my obsession with acting like a news anchor. More on this after the break.
       My wife is threatening to leave me because of my constant celebrity name dropping. Ryan Gosling warned me that might happen.
       My wife is threatening to leave me because of my obsession with wearing different clothes every half an hour. I said, "Wait, I can change."
       My wife just confessed that she broke my favorite lamp. I don't think I'll be able to look at her in the same light ever again.
       My wife just put on her new dress and then told me to zip it. I have no idea what I've done wrong. I didn't say anything!
       My wife left a note on the fridge saying, "This isn't working, goodbye". I opened it and it works just fine.
       My wife left a note on the fridge: this is not working, I'm going to my mum's house. I opened the fridge door, the light was on , the juice was cold. What the heck did she mean?
       My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot. But I'm not a fan.
       My wife often compares me to Ryan Gosling....She'll say You're nothing like Ryan Gosling."
       My wife ordered a bunch of photos from our family vacation to disneyland but they haven't been delivered yet....someday her prints will come.
       My wife played soccer in college when we stated dating. We were on the phone after one of her games and she was telling me how many saves she had. As I listened to her beautiful voice, I realized....shw was a keeper.
       My wife rang me at the pub and said, "If you're not home in 10 minutes, I'm giving the dinner I cooked you to the dog." I was home in 5 minutes. I'd hate for anything to happen to the dog.
(LW)   My wife rearranged the labels on my spice rack… I haven’t confronted her yet but the thyme is cumin.
(W)    My wife said I ruined her birthday. I don't know how....I didn't even know it was her birthday!
(LW)   My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So I bought her a candle!
       My wife said she's leaving me because of my obsession with tennis - and I'm too old. I said: "I'm only 40 love."
       My wife said to me: "If you won the lottery, would you still love me?" I said: "Of course I would. I'd miss you, but I'd still love you."
       My wife said, "I can think of 14 reasons to leave you, plus your obsession with Tennis. I replied, "That's 15 love"
(LSW)  My wife said, "You really have no sense of direction, do you?" I said, "where did that come from?"
       My wife said: "That's the 4th time you've gone back for dessert! Doesn't it embarrass you?" I said: "No, I keep telling them it's for you."
       My wife says I'm the cheapest man in the world. I'm not buying it.
       My wife says she's leaving me because of my obsession with NFL football. It's sad...we've been together for 6 seasons!
       My wife says that I wastd money by ordering a 3 meter wide frame for out wedding photo. Well, I think she should ook at the bigger picture.
       My wife says to me "see! You never listen to a word I say!" I thought to myself, "what a weird way to start a conversation"
(LSW)  My wife sent me a text that said, “Your great”. So, naturally, I wrote back, “No, you’re great” She’s been walking around all day happy and smiling. Should I tell her I was just correcting her grammar or leave it alone?
       My wife shot me with the nail gun today...She must think I’m a stud!
       My wife tells me I can be an idiot sometimes...I think it's pretty cool of her to give me permission like that...
(LW)   My wife tells me I have 2 major faults. I don’t listen – and something else!
(LSW)  My wife thinks I don't give her enough privacy. At least that's what she said in her diary!
       My wife thinks it's weird that I stare at the window during a heavy rainstorm. It would be a lot less weird if she'd just let me in.
       My wife thought our kids were spoiled but I think most kids smell like that.
       My wife threatened to leave me because of my "filthy and disgusting habits". I was so shocked I nearly choked on my toenails.
(LW)   My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo! So I had to put my foot down!
(LW)   My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!
(LSW)  My wife told me I've grown as a person. Her actual words were "you've gotten fat", but I know what she meant!
       My wife told me she thought we'd have less arguments if I wasn't so pedantic. I told her: "I think you mean fewer."
(LSW)  My wife told me that I should put a clean pair of socks on every day. By Friday, I couldn't get my shoes on.
       My wife told me to stop being an ideot. Just be myself. I told her to make up her mind.
       My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. I wasn't expecting that on athe postcard she sent from Greece.
(LW)   My wife traumatically ripped the blankets off me last night. But I will recover!
       My wife upset me earlier. She said I had a face like the back of a boat. I gave her a stern look!
       My wife wants me to blow air on her whenever she overheats but honestly...I'm not a fan
       My wife warned me not to make off with the kitchen utensils...bit it's a whick I'm willing to take.
       My wife won't talk to me - not sure why. She just asked me what the female equivalent of the 'mancave' is. And I told her it's called the kitchen.
       My wife yelled at me "are you even listening to me". I said "that's a funny way to start a conversation".
       My wife yelled from upstairs and asked: "Do you ever get a shooting pain across your body, like someone's got a voodoo doll of you and they're stabbing it? I replied: "No." She responded: "How about now?"
       My wife: You need to do more chores around the house. Me: Chan we change the subject? My wife: Ok. More chores around the house need to be done by you.
       Never compliment a woman on her mustache. No matter how impressive it may be.
(LW)   Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
(W)    Never iron a four leaf clover. You don't want to press your luck!
(W)    Never kiss your honey when their nose is runny. You may thinks it's funny. But it snot.
(LW)   Never laugh at your wife's choices..you're one of them.
       Never play poker with an origami artist. All they do is fold.
       Never realized until today Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starting pistol.
       Never trust trees. They're shady!
       Never use a GPS when going to a cemetery. Not nice to hear "You've reached your final destination."
       Next Monday we start Diarrhea Awareness Week. Runs until Friday.
       Next time I need to apologize to my wife I'm doing so using only dots and dashes...re-morse code!
       Not all construction work is equally enjoyable. For example, enlarging a drilled hole is boring, but fastening pieces of metal together is riveting.
       Not many people know that Yoda had a last name...it's layheehoo.
       Not to brag or anything, but I got the high score on my scale today.
       OMG, I just found out that Albert Einstein was a real person!! All this time I thought he was a theoretical physicist.
       Ok, so naked running! Apparently this means running without GSP, music and any other tech. I wish I knew this an hour ago.
       Okay, I came up with a new dating app idea. You match with people who are on the same meds as you. We'll call it "Relationscripts"
	   Olaf the Viking is shopping at a supermarket when he comes across an old lady in a wheelchair, almost in tears. "What's the matter?" asks Olaf. "Oh" sobs the old lady "I want to have a look at the frozen puddings but, as you can see, there are three steps down into the chiller cabinets". "No problem" says Olaf, lifting her onto his back "I'll take you". Olaf strolls through the chiller cabinets with the old lady on his back. She selects several puddings and puts them in the basket he is carrying for her. At the other end the old lady's husband is waiting with her wheelchair. "I'd really like to thank you" says the old lady as Olaf sets her back down in the chair "but I don't even know who you are!" Olaf just waves and walks off. "I was really worried about you" comments the old lady's husband. "What have you bee
(LSW)  On or way home my friend said: "Let's stop and visit my brother Nickolas". So we took the see Nick route.
       Once again I've entered the annual tightest hat competition in our town. This year I'm just hoping...that I can pull it off.
(LW)   Once upon a time there was a King who was only 12 inches tall. He was a terrible King but he made a great ruler!
       One night a viking named Rudolph the Red was looking out the window when hd said, "It's going to rain." His wife asked, "How do you know?" "Because Rudolph the Red knows rain, dear."
(LSW)  One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and role me down a hill. Those were Goodyears!
       One of my neighbors owns several cats. On a recent visit, she introduced them to me: "That's Astorphe, that's Erpillar, that's Aract, and that Alogue." Where on earth did you get such unusual names? I asked. "oh, those are their last names," she explained. "Their first names are Cat."
       One of the ants on my ant farm dresses up as a clown to cheer up his friends. He's an anti-depress ant.
(LW)   One time, I went to a party with a bunch of anesthesiologists. It was a gas!
(LSW)  Oops, forgot to get to the gym today! That makes 8 years in a row now!
       Out of all the inventions in the last 100 years, the dry erase board is probably the most remarkable.
       Paddy says to Mick, "I found this pen, is it yours?" Mick replies, "don't know, give it here." He then tries it and says, "yes it is." Paddy asks, "How do you know?" Mick replies, "that's my handwriting."
(LSW)  Parrot was rude but saw turkey dinner and was no longer rude. (Sent 2023/06/05)
(LSW)  People are usually shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician.
       People keep telling me that nothing rhymes with orange. They're not even close.
       People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
(LSW)  People say that 60 is the new 40. The cop that just pulled me over doesn't agree!
       People write congrats because they can't spell congrajulations.
(LW)   Police have arrested the World Tongue Twister champion. They said he will be given a tough sentence!
       Police have confirmed that the man who tragically fell from the roof of an 18th floor Nightclub was not a bouncer.
(LS)   Poop jokes aren't my favorite kind of joke. But they are a solid #2.
       Posted a photo of my clean house and it was flagged and removed as "Fake News".
       Pre-means before. Post-means after. To use both prefixes together....would be preposterous.
       Pronouncing words that end in 'ough'. Cough, bough, rough, dough, through, though...
       Pulled out a nose hair today to see if it hurt....judging the the reaction of the man asleep next to me on the bus, it seems pretty painful.
       Remember, the only thing standing between you and your dreams is your appearance, lack of talent, and general personality.
(LW)   Research has shown that laughing for 2 minutes is just as healthy as a 20 minute jog! So now I just sit in the park laughing at all the joggers!
       Ricardo Montalban struggled to find acting roles after "Star Trek 2." Nobody wanted to hire an ex-Khan!
       Sad news, my obese parrot died today. Mind you, it's a huge weight off my shoulders.
       Sad news...the creator of autocorrect had died. Restaurant in piece.
(LS)   Sad neww! I broke up with my girlfriend Loraine. She found out I was seeing another girl, Claire Lee. Good news thought! I can see Claire Lee now, Loraine is gone!
(LS)   Saw a man standing on one leg at an ATM. Confused, I asked him what he was doing..He said: "Just checking my balance."
       Scientist have grown human vocal cords in a Petri dish...the results speak for themselves.
       Scientists have just discovered a fossilized dinosaur fart. They say it's a blast from the past.
(LSW)  Sea World is now teaching its marine mammals to do customer service. The phone message begins with, "This call may be used for training porpoises."
       She told me that in a past life, she'd been a stringed intrument in ancient Greece...and I called her a lyre.
       Sign at an Optometrist's office: "If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place."
       Sister Teresa is known for her high intelligence. She better know as Nun the Wiser!
       Slept in my Duran Duran T-shirt. Woke up hungry like the wolf.
       So I came home tonight to find out someone had broken into my home. Seemed the only thing taken were lightbulbs. I was delighted...
       So I failed my cement mixing exam...it was too hard.
(LW)   So I opened up a shop selling uncaged birds! They just flew off the shelves!
       So I was in a shoe shop this morning trying on a shoe, I said to the assistant "It's too tight". She said, "Rty it with the tongue out". I said, "It'th nho ghood, it'th thtill thoo thight".
	   So I was in my garden this morning and the neighbour peered over the fence and said.. “What are you doing?”  “I'm putting all my plants in alphabetical order...” I said. She replied “Really? I don't know how you find the time..!” "Oh that's easy" I said, “Its right next to the sage.”
       So I went to in to a pet shop. I said, "Can I buy a goldfish?" The fella said, "Do you want an aquarium?" I said, "I don't care what star sign it is."
(LSW)  So I went to the doctor's this morning and told him that every time I cough, I hear words like knight, bishop, pawn, and queen. He said I had a chess infection.
       So I went to the doctors this morning and I said: "I feel like I've got some cutlery stuck in my throat." The doc had a look and said: "It's not serious, you just need to have utensils taken out."
       So I'm currently reading a boo called: "Swimming the English Channel"...by Frances Neer.
       So I'm currently reading a book called: "Swimming the Engish Channel". by Francis Neer.
       So a bossy man walks into a bar. He orders everyone a round.
       So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, "Aye E! I owe you!"W
       So far, Humpty Dumpty is having a terrible winter. Which sucks because he had a great fall.
       So my friend just said to me: "You've put a lot of weight on". I said: "I've had a lot on my plate recently".
       So the only two white actors in Black Panther are Martin Freeman, who played Bilbo Baggins, and Andy Serkis, who played Gollum...so I guess that means...they're the Tolkien white guys.
       So this morning I was a fella dragging a clam on a leash behind him. I thought it must be hard to walk with a pulled mussel.
       So what if I can't spell armageddon? It's not the end of the world.
       So what's your idea of a perfect date? DD/MM/YYYY...I find other formats a bit confusing.
(LSW)  Some alligators grow up to 15 feet...but most only have 4.
       Some of my friends exercise every day, meanwhile i'm watching a show I don't like because the remote fell on the floor.
       Some people age like a fine wine., I age like milk...I get sour and chunky.
(LW)   Some people can't distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can't put into words.
       Some people say it's impossible to make a pun about vegetables, but that isn't nececelery so.
       Some trees are committed to one romantic relationship at a time. They practice mahagony.
(LSW)  Somebody at work stole my coffee cup this morning and I had to go to the Police Station to look at some mug shots!
       Somebody just threw a jar of mayonnaise at me. I was like: "What the Hellman!"
       Somebody said my dad's gay. Now I'm now trying to work out which one.
       Somebody should market a beer called "Occasionally". So when asked, I can say, "I only drink occasionally".
       Someimes I wake up grumpy. But other times I let her sleep in!
       Someone asked me to name two structures that hold water. I was like, well damn.
(LW)   Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said "parking fine."
(LW)   Someone glued every card in my deck together so now it's just a block of cardboard. I'm having trouble dealing with it!
       Someone just called my phone, sneezed and then hung up. I'm getting sick and tired of these cold calls.
(LW)   Someone ripped the 5th month out of my calendar. I’m completely dismayed!
(LSW)  Someone stole my coffee cup. Now I have to go down to the police station and look at mugshots.
       Someone told me it takes 5 sheep to make 1 sweater. I didn't even know they could crochet!
       Someone tried to sell me a coffin today. I said that's the last thing I need.
	   Son: "Dad, will you do my maths homework for me tonight?" Dad: "No son, it wouldn’t be right." Son: "Well, just do your best."
       Son: "I can't sleep, I think the boughi man's under the bed" Me: "Don't you mean the boogeyman?" Voice from under the bed: "wow the thread count on these sheets is PATHETIC"
(LSWN) Son: I watched a guy do 50 pushups. Can you do that dad? Dad: Of course! Not to brag but I could probably watch someone do 100 push-ups.
(W)    Spiders are the only web developers who love finding bugs.
       Spring is here I'm so excited I wet my plants.
       Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging.
       Tablets were replced by scrolls, scrolls were replaced by books. Now we scroll through books on tablets.
       Teacher: "Whoever answers my next question can go home." One boy at the back of the class throws his bag out the window. Teacher: "Who just threw that?" "Me,", replied the boy, "and I'm going hone."
       Technically all the money you spent on food is flushed down a toilet.
       Technically Moses was the first man to download files from the cloud using a tablet.
       Teslas do not have that "new car" smell...They have an Elon Musk.
       Thanks for teaching me the meaning of "Plethora"...it means a lot
	   Thanks To The Person Who Invented Electricity, If It Wasn't For Him We Would Be Watching TV By Candlelight.
       That's the absolute last time I visit McDonald's. Twice when giving me the food he said sorry about your weight!
(LSW)  The Beastie Boys are releasing a five - part anthology. Parts A thru D are free. You have to fight for your right to Part E.
---    The Egyptians claim there are no crocodiles in their country. I think they're in de Nile.
(LSW)  The Institute of Unfinished Research has concluded that 6 out of 10 people
       The Swordfish has no natural predators to be afraid of...except for the Penfish, which is supposed to be even mightier.
       The adjective for metal is metallic. But not so for iron...which is ironic.
       The bad news is, I dropped my cactus today. The worse news is that I caught it.
---    The boat used as the S.S. Minnow in Gilligan's Island, was a 1960 Wheeler Express with a cruising speed of 12 knots. Which means that they couldn't have sailed more than 41.5 miles. I'm starting to doubt if the show was even real.
(LS)   The cashier told me "Strip down facing me". By the time I realized they meant the debit card, it was too late.
       The checker at the grocery store asked me if I wanted my milk in a bag. I told her to leave it in the carton.
	   The contractor who recently finished remodeling my kitchen has just been charged with counterfitting.
(LW)   The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this!
       The doctor tested me for patience today. I'm negative...
       The fact that Head and Shoulders hasn't come out with a body wash called Knees and Toes bothers me.
       The fact that Kansas and Arkansas are pronounced differenty bothers me way more that it should.
(LW)   The government is instituting a garbage bag tax. Some people think it’s too Hefty, and other are Glad. I think the whole thing is trash.
(L)    The guy at the furniture store told me the sofa would seat 5 people without any problems. Then it occurred to me, I don't think I know 5 people without any problems.
       The guy who stole my Diary passed away this week...My thoughts are with his family!
(LSW)  The hardest part of joining Hypochondriacs' Anonymous....is admitting that you don't have a problem.
       The instructor in my self defence class said that the most effective place to kick a man is near his knees. Personally, I think it's nuts.
       The inventor of the ballet dress couldn't come up with a clever name, eventually he put tu and tu together...
       The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
       The man who invented the automatic tennis serving machine is celebrating his birthday. Many happy returns!
       The man who invented throat lozenges died last week. There was no coffin at the funeral.
(LSW)  The moon is actually more useful that the sun, since the moon gives us light at night, when it's dark. The sun only gives us light in the day, when it's already bright!
       The most dangerous kind of canoes are volcanoes.
       The most important parts of the Superbowl are the commercials and the food. I really don't care who makes the most baskets.
       The next Start Wars movie will introduce Darth Vader's annoying brother: Aggra Vader...
(LS)   The next time you dislike your life, remember it's all about perspective. I have a friend who reads 2-3 books a week, works out twice a day, has no financial worries, and has people who want to have sex with him all the time. And yet he constanctly complains about how much he hates prison!
(LSW)  The older I get, the more I regret all the people I've lost over the years. Maybe being a trail wansn't such a great idea after all.
       The oldest computer can be traced back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with a limited memory. Just one byte and then everything crashed.
       The other day I held the door open for a clown. It was a nice jester.
       The other day, at a thrift store, I bought an old record album called "Sounds Wasps Make". When I got it home and played it, I said to myself, "This doesn't sound anything like wasp sounds." Then I realized, I was playing the Bee side.
(LSN)  The pastor preached about this beard fad. Hundreds came forward and asked, "What must I do to be shaved?"
(LSW)  The population of Ireland's capital city is really growing. In fact, it's Dublin.
       The re-opening of LEGO stores was a big event in 2020. People were lined up for blocks.
       The reason that aliens have never visited us is because our solar system has received terrible reviews....we only have one star.
(S)    The squirrels must be expecting a cold winter. They're gathering more nuts than usual! Yesterday my sisters disappeared!
       The waither saw my glass was empty and asked if I would like another? Why whould I want two empty glasses?
       The word 'queue' is just a Q followed by four silent letters.
       The work on Big Ben is meant to take 3 years...that's along time considering they're working around the clock.
       Them: How many push-ups can you do? Me: If they're the orange flavor I know for a fact I can do 7 of them in one sitting.
       Therapist: "I think you have a phobia of marriage. Do you know what the symptioms are?" Me: "Can't say I do." Therapist: "That's one of them!"
       Therapist: So what brings the two of you her today? My wife: It's impossible to live with him. He's too literal. Me: My truck.
       There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarinces in the sky.
       There are only 10 different kinds of people in the world. Those that understand binary and those that don't.
       There are two kinds of countries. Those who use the metric system, and those who have landed on the moon.
	   There's a new dating website for old people. It's called Carbon.
(LSW)  There is no such thing as vampires...unless you Count Dracula.
(LSW)  There were four poisons in ancient Rome. Poisons I, II, and III would kill you instantly. Poison IV would make you itchy!
(LSW)  There's a movie coming out about a mobile home. I just saw the trailer.
       There's a rumor going around about butter...but I refuse to spread it.
       There's so many scams on the internet. Send me $19.95 to learn how to avoid them.
(LSW)  They say the grass is greener on the other side...I just turned mine over and it was just brown with worms.
       They say, 'Nothing is impossible.'. I disagree. I'm doing nothing right now...it's totally possible.
       They should announce a sequel to Groundhog day...and then just re-release the original.
       Thieves have stolen 20 crates of Red Bull from my local supermarket. I don't know how these people sleep at night.
       Think: It's what you do when you can't thwim.
---    This guy sat next to me, pulled out a photo of his wife and said, "She's beautiful, isn't she?". I said, "If you think she's beautiful, you should see my wife, buddy." He said, "Why? Is she a stunner?". I said, "No, she's an optometrist!!"
       This morning I saw a neighbor talking to her cat, it was obvious that she thought her cat understood her....I came to my house, I told my dog...we laughed a lot.
       Three brothers age 92, 94, and 96 live in a house together. One night the 96 year old draws a bath, puts his foot in and pauses. He yells down the stairs, "Was I getting in or out of the bath?" The 94 year old yells back, "I don't know, I'll come up and see. "He starts up the stairs and pauses, then he yells, "Was I going up the stairs or coming down?" The 92 year old was sitting at the kitchen table having coffee listening to his brothers. He shakes his head and says, "I sure hope I never get that forgetful.". He knows on wood for good luck. He then yells, "I'll come up and help both of you as soon as I see who's at the door."    
---    Three Conspiracy Theorists Walk into a bar...don't tell me that's not a coincidence
       Three mem were on a boat. They had four cigarettes, but nothing to light them with. So they threw a cigarette overboard and the the whole boat became a cigarette lighter.
       Thursdays are very depressing. But if you think Thursdays are bad, just wait 2 more days. It will be a....sadder day!
       Time flies when you throw a clock. Unless you eat the clock...that's time consuming.
       To err is human, to forgive is divine, to moo is bovine, to belat is ovine, to oink is porcine, to howl is lupine, to bark is canine, to purr is feline. This list is asinine.
       To everyone out there suffering from paranoia. Just remember, you're not alone.
       To fix a broken jack-o-lantern, use a pumpkin patch.
       To get an annoying song out of your head, just pretend that you're riding a horse like a Rhinestone Cowboy!
       To prove he was right, the "flat earther" walked to the end of the Earth. He eventually came around.
       To the guy who invented zero...Thanks for nothing.
       To the person who stole my place in the queue. I'm after you now.
(LW)   To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
(LW)   To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
       Today I asked a hot girl at the gym what her new year's resolution was. She replied "" So I'm pretty excited for the year!
       Today I learned that if you flip a canoe over, you can wear it as a hat. Because it is cap-sized.
       Today I learned you can use disposable masks to brew espresso. That's because they're coughy filters.
       Today I showed up late for work. The boss yelled, "You should've been here at 8:30!". I replied, "Why? What happened at 8:30?"
(LW)   Today I started an argument with my wife while riding in an elevator. I was wrong on so many levels.
       Today I stopped at this roadside stand that said lobster tails $2. So I paid my $2 and the guy said, "Once upon a time there was this lobster..."
---    Today's Math Problem: If George is 68 and his girlfriend is 22, how much money does George have?
       Today's housekeeping tip: "Always keep several get well cards on the mantel. That way, if unexpected guests arrive, they'll think you've been sick and unable to clean."
       Today, I learned that if you flip a canoe over you can wear it as a hat. Because it is cap-sized.
       Today, I saw someone waving and I wasn't sure whether they were waving at me or someone behind me. In other news, I was fired from my lifeguard job.
       Told my wife I wanted to be cremated. She made me an appointment for Thursday.
       Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire in the craft. Unsurprisingly it sank, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
       Two cowboys are lost in the desert. One cowboy sees a tree that's draped in bacon. "A bacon tree! We're saved!" He says. He runs to the tree and is shot up with bullets.....It wasn't a bacon tree, it was a ham bush.
       Two fish swim into a concrete wall. The one turns to the other ran says "Dam!"
       Two guys are playing chess. One says to the other, "How about we make this more interesting?". So they stop playing chess.
(CLNW) Two little boys were at a wedding when one of them leaned over to the other and asked, "How many wives can a man have?" His friend answered, "Sixteen...four better, four worse, four richer, and four poorer."
       Two scientists walk into a bar. The first one says "I'll have some H2O." The second one says, "I'll have some H2O too." And then he dies.
(LSW)  Two things to consider about mariage: On one hand, you get to wear a cool ring. On the other hand, you don't.
       Two years ago my doctor told me I was going deaf. I haven't heard from him since.
       U-Haul has the worst drivers of any company.
(LSW)  WARNING: There is an email going around offering processed pork, gelatin and salt in a can. If you get this email, do not open it. It's spam!
       Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud. Yes sir, It's fresh ground.
       Waiter: How do you like your steak, sir? Sir: Like winning an argument with my wife. Waiter: rare it is!
	     Walking down the road last night, I passed an apple pie, an ice cream sundae, and a lemon cheesecake. I thought "the streets are strangely deserted tonight".
       Want to build an ark? I Noah guy.
       Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it!
(LSW)  Wanted: Someone to brush their teeth with me because 9/10 dentists say brushing alone won't help tooth decay. No weirdos.
(LS)   Watched a movie on TV last night, with the warning that it had "adult situations". I was expecting acid reflux, arthritis, bad knees...It wasn't like that at all!
       "We are not even close." - Romans building Rome, end of day 1.
(LSW)  We argued all day about what to call a medieval soldier. But it was getting late so we called it a knight.
---    We must all do our bit for the planet. I just unplugged a row of electric cars, that no one was using.
       We nearly froze to death one February night - because I bought cheap camping gear. It was the winter of our discount tent.
       We started a band and called it "Books". So no one can judge us by our covers.
	     Well I’m bummed. I asked Tom Hanks for his autograph and he gave it to me. But when I looked at it, all it said was “Thanks”!
       Well, I got fired from the keyboard factory. My boss sid I wasn't putting in enough Shifts. That's when I completely lost CTRL.
       Went to a Cannibal wedding yesterday. It was all going well...until they decided to toast the Bride and Groom.
	     Went to a Mary Poppins restaurant last night. Super cauliflower cheese but the lobster was atrocious
       Went to my local supermarket and asked one of the assistants where the fresh meat counter was, she said, "we don't employ anyone to count fresh meat."
       Were you named after your father? Well, I obviously wasn't named before he was.
(LW)   What are bald sea captains most worried about? Capsizes
       What are scientists favorite dog breed? Labs.
       What are the two steps to marrying a country girl? First; a tractor. Next, fertilizer.
       What bees produce milk? Boo bees.
	     What days are the strongest, Saturday and Sunday, the rest are weak days.
(LSW)  What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
       What did Mike Tyson say after working out with Chris Hemsworth? You're gonna be Thor in the morning.
       What did Spartacus say when the lion ate his wife. Nothing, he was gladiator.
(LW)   What did one American flag tell the other? Nothing! It just waved!
       What did one frog say to the other frog? "Time's fun when you're having flies!"
	     What did one invisible man say to the other??? Long time no see.
       What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
       What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet in the corner.
(LW)   What did the Ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? "Close the door, I'm dressing!"
(LSW)  What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? Thanks - I'll never part with it!
       What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!
       What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift.
       What did the carpenter say when he finished building his house? Nailed it.
       What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that tiny thing?
(LW)   What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
(LSW)  What did the full glass of water say to the empty glass of water? You look drunk.
       What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? SUPPLIES!
(LSW)  What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
(LS)   What did the third wise man say after his friends had already presented gold and frankincense? "But wait, there's myrrh!"
(LW)   What did the tomato say to his friends when he was running late? Don't worry, I'll ketchup.
(LSW)  What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter on Thanksgiving Day? Quack, quack!
---    What did they yell at Edgar Allen Poe when he nearly walked into a tree. Poetry?
(LW)   What do Santa's elves listen to ask they work? Wrap music!
       What do pigs learn in the army? Ham to ham combat.
(LW)   What do scholars eat when they're hungry? Academia nuts.
       What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
(LW)   What do the people buying bread have in common with the people selling it? They both want each other's dough!
       What do you cal Bears with no ears? B
       What do you call 2 monkeys who share an amazon account? Prime Mates!
       What do you call James Bond in a bathtub? Bubble 07.
       What do you call a French guy being mauled by a lion? Claude.
       What do you call a Magician who's lost his magic? Ian.
       What do you call a bankrupt Santa? Saint Nickel-less.
(S)    What do you call a belt made of $100 bills? A waist of money.
(LSW)  What do you call a boat full of buddies? A friendship!
       What do you call a bunch of singing killer whales? An Orcapella group.
(LW)   What do you call a cow in an earthquake? A milkshake!
(LW)   What do you call a cow in an earthquake? A milkshake!
       What do you call a deceased Finnish man? Finnished.
(LW)   What do you call a detective who just solves cases accidentally? Sheer Luck Holmes!
(LW)   What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
       What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
       What do you call a guy pouring water into a glass? Phil.
(LW)   What do you call a horse that movies around a lot? Unstable.
(LW)   What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus.
(LW)   What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus.
       What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A yamahahahaha.
       What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
(LW)   What do you call a man who handles the financials of an ant colony? An Account-ant.
(LW)   What do you call a man who has finished digging? Doug
(LSW)  What do you call a medieval spy? Sir Veillance.
       What do you call a monster with a high IQ? Frank-Einstein
(LW)   What do you call a mummy with a cold? Sir Cough, I guess.
(LS)   What do you call a nun who sleepwalks? A Roman Catholic.
(LW)   What do you call a one-legged hippo? A hoppo!
       What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
(W)    What do you call a pig on a leash? Pulled Pork.
(LSW)  What do you call a reluctant potato? A hesitater.
(W)    What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.13 meters long? A πthon.
(LS)   What do you call a snowman who vacations in the tropics? A puddle.
(LSW)  What do you call a snowman with a six pack? An abdominal snowman.
(LS)   What do you call a teacher that won't fart in public? A private tutor.
(LSW)  What do you call a turkey on the day after Thanksgiving? Lucky.
(LW)   What do you call a turkey that’s come back to haunt you? A poultrygeist.
       What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
       What do you call a zombie who doesn't joke around? Dead serious.
(LW)   What do you call a zombie who write music? A decomposer.
(LW)   What do you call a zombie who write music? A decomposer.
(LW)   What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant.
       What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
       What do you call an underwater dog? A subwoofer.
(LW)   What do you call bear who’s lost all his teeth? A gummy bear.
       What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese
(LSW)  What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese
(LSWN) What do you call friends you like to eat with? Tastebuds.
       What do you call it when chewbacca messes something up? A wookie mistake.
(LSW)  What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Clause? Claus-trophobic.
(LSW)  What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? Guardians of the Galaxy.
(LW)   What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
(LW)   What do you call the soft tissue between a sharks teeth? The slow swimmer.
(LSW)  What do you call two birds stuck together? Velcrows.
(W)    What do you call your mom's angry French sister? A Croissaunt.
(LSW)  What do you do when you're being attacked by a group of clowns? Go for the juggler.
(LSW)  What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
       What do you get if you cross a cocker spaniel, a poodle, and a rooster? A cocker poodle doo.
       What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a rose? A collie flower.
(LSW)  What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations? tinsillitis!
(LW)   What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement!
(LW)   What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
       What do you get when the sunrise bends over? The crack of dawn.
	   What do you get when you cross a Snowman with a Vampire? A: Frostbite.
       What do you give a cannibal who's late to dinner? The cold shoulder.
	   What do you say to a one-legged hitchhiker? Hop in.
       What do you think of my singing? I think you should sing tenor. Really? Tenor eleven miles away.
(LW)   What does "idk" stand for? I've asked lots of people but nobody seems to know.
       What does Charles Dickens keep in his spice rack? The best of thymes, the worst of thymes.
       What does a clock do when it's still hungry? It goes back for seconds.
---    What does a tapeworm have in common with the Eiffel tower? They're both Paris sites.
       What does the farmer say to the cows at night? It's pasture bedtime.
(LSW)  What goes up but never comes down? Your age.
       What happended to the turkey that got in a fight? "He got the stuffing knocked out of him!"
       What happened to the dog who let her puppies out onto the street? She got fined for littering.
(LW)   What happens if someone slaps you at a high frequency? It Hertz!
       What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
       What happens when you cross an angry sheep, and an angry cow? You get two animals in a baaaad mooood.
(LS)   What happens when you eat aluminum foil? You sheet metal.
       What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
       What happens when you rearrange two of the letters in the word "nuclear"? It's unclear.
(LSW)  What has more letters than the alphabet? The Post Office.
(LSW)  What idiot called it a "randomized clinical trial controlled with placebo" and not "trick or treatment"
       What if there were no hypothetical questions?
       What is a geologist's favorite music genre? rock.
       What is a police officer's favorite sweater? A pullover.
(LW)   What is a pumpkin’s circumference divided by a pumpkin’s diameter? Pumpkin Pi.
(LW)   What is the best Christmas present? A broken drum, you just can’t beat it.
(LS)   What is the difference between Iron man and Iron Woman? One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.
       What is the difference between a cat and God? God doesn't think He's a cat.
       What is the opposite of a croissant. A Happy Uncle.
       What is the worst insult you can say to a ghost? "Get a life!"
(LW)   What kind of car does a Jedi drive? A Toy-Yoda.
(LW)   What kind of car does a Jedi drive? A Toy-Yoda.
(W)    What kind of dog doesn't bark? A hush puppy!
       What kind of drug should dinosaurs never take? A steroid.
(LSW)  What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
       What kind of music do baloons like? Pop music.
(L)    What music do balloons fear? Pop music.
       What part of the body always loses? Defeat.
(LSW)  What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
       What should you do if you are addicted to sea weed? Sea kelp.
       What sits at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck.
(LSW)  What smells better than it tastes? A nose.
       What smells the best at a Thanksgiving dinner? Your nose.
       What sound does a cow make when it runs out of milk?  None. There is udder silence.
       What starts with a W and ends with a T. It really does, I swear.
(LW)   What superpower do yo uget when you become a parent? Supervision
(LSW)  What type of exercise do lazy people do? Diddly Squats.
       What type of sandals do frogs wear? Open toad.
       What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short.
(LW)   What word starts with E and ends with E but only has one letter in it? Envelope.
       What would you get if a dinosaur kicked you in the backside? A mega-sore-ass.
       What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
       What's a forklift? Food, usually.
       What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
       What's brown and sticky? A stick!
       What's green, fuzzy, has 4 legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? A pool table.
(LSW)  What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe!
(LS)   What's red white, and blue all over? A sad candy cane!
       What's special about Edam cheese? It's made backwards.
       What's the German word for bra? Stoppenfrumfloppen.
       What's the best place in the house to hide from ghosts? The living room.
       What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
       What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo. One is heavy and the other is a little lighter.
(LS)   What's the difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man arguing with his wife? The man buying a lottery ticket actually has a chance to win!
       What's the difference between a tornado and a commercial? One makes things go by you, the other makes you go buy things! But they both make you go to the cellar/seller.
(LSW)  What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care!
       What's the longest word in the English language? Smiles. The first and last letters are a mile apart.
(LW)   What’s a chef’s first job after finishing culinary school? Finding an entrée-level position.
(LW)   What’s blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint!
(LW)   What’s the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? A literalist takes things literally. A kleptomaniac takes things, literally.
(LW)   What’s the difference between a vegan and a computer programmer? One is disgusted by a rack of lamb and the other is disgusted by a lack of RAM.
       What’s the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el.
(LW)   What’s the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el.
       What to you call a bee that comes from America? USB
---    When I found out I was holding the taser the wrong way around, I was stunned...
       When I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof....I was shocked.
       When I get a headache, I take two aspirin and keep away from children, just like the bottle says.
(LSW)  When I get in to work I immediately hide. Good employees are hard to find!
(LSW)  When I moved into my new igloo my friends threw me a surprise house-warming party. Now I’m homeless!
(LSW)  When I was a kid, I told my mom I was going to run away. She said "On your mark..."
       When I was a kid, I wanted to play the guitar really badly. And after years of hard work, practice, and dedication, I can now play the guitar really badly.
---    When I was a kid, bedtime was 9 PM. I couldn't wait to be a grownup so I could go to bed anytime I wanted. Turns out that is 9 PM.
(LW)   When I was a kid, my mom told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime!
(LSW)  When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
(LSW)  When I was a kid, my parents would always say, "Excuse my French" just after a swear word...I'll never forget my first day at school when my teacher asked if any of use knew any French.
---    When I was a kid, you could go to the store with just a dollar and leave with two candy bars, a bag of chips and a sode. You can't do that anymore. There are cameras everywhere.
       When I was little, I didn't care about things like what to wear. My parents dressed me. Looking back at some of my old pictures, it's obvious that my parents didn't care either.
       When I was little, my parents always fed me alphabet soup, claiming that I like it, but they were just...putting words in my mouth.
---    When I was young I couldn't decide if I wanted to be a hairdresser or write short stories. So I flipped a coin...heads or tales!
(LSW)  When I was young, I was poor. But after years of struggle....I'm no longer young.
(LSWN) When I was younger, I said to my dad: "Can I use the lawnmower to make some extra money?" He said: "Sure sone, you go ahead". So I sold it!
(LS)   When I'm around my Spanish-speaking friends I always use the word "mucho" as much as possible...It means a lot to them.
       When a kid says 'daddy, I want mommy" that's the kid version of "I'd like to speak to your supervisor"
       When asked what people could expect to see in the night sky this year, the astronomer answered, "no comet"!
(LW)   When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
       When driving by the prison the other day, I saw a dwarf climbing down the prison wall - and I thought, isn't that a litle condescending!
       When filling out a job application, I saw they had a section for "previous life experience", so I wrote down that I was a Pharaoh in 2300 B.C.
       When my great-granddad went bald, he built a machine to weave himself a wig out of yarn. He then gave it to my granddad, who then gave it to my dad - and one day, it will be mine. It's our family hair loom...
(LW)   When my wife caught me standing on the bathroom scales, sucking in my stomach, she laughed, “Ha! That’s not going to help!” I said, “sure, it does. It’s the only way I can see the numbers.”
       When people are sad, I let them color in my tattoos. Sometimes all they need is a shoulder to crayon.
       When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, "No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton!"
       When we make pizza at home it's my wife's job to shred the cheese. She's the gratist!
       When you buy a bigger bed, you have more bed room, but less bedroom
       When you die, what is the last part of your body to stop working? Your pupils. They dilate.
       When you teach a wolf to meditate it becomes...aware wolf.
       When you're waiting for the waiter...you become the waiter.
(LSW)  When you're young, you play with them. Whey you get older, you start losing them? Your marbles!
       When your honey comes home in a white suit, covered in bee stings and smelling like honey...you know she's a keeper.
       Whenever I am with my family and someone says, "Wow, you have a beautiful family!", I reply, "Well, we left the ugly ones at home."
       Whenever I try to eat healthy a chocolate bar looks at me and snickers!
       Where are average things made? The satis factory.
       Where did Gotye go? In 2012 he was huge but it seems like now he's just somebody that we used to know.
       Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
       Where do bad rainbows go? Prism, but its a light sentence.
(LS)   Where do dad's store all their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base!
(LSW)  Where do little trees go to become Christmas trees? Elementree school!
       Where do you find a turkey with no legs? Exactly where you left it.
       Where do you go to learn how to make ice cream? Sundae School.
(LW)   Which Olympic sport generates the most conversation? Discus
(LW)   Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota!
       Which celebrity is always ready for cereal? Reese. With her spoon.
(LS)   Which computer has the best voice? A Dell.
       Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
       Which weighs more, a gallon of water, or a gallon of butane? (They would both weigh one gallon...wrong). Water...butane is a....lighter fluid!
(LW)   Who built King Arthur’s fabled round table? Sir Cumference.
(LSW)  Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey, because it is always stuffed.
(LW)   Whoever came up with the word ‘dentures’ really missed the opportunity to call them “substitooths”.
(LW)   Why are Zoey and Zoe pronouced the same but Joey and Joe aren't?
(LW)   Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
       Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
       Why are tomatoes red? They're embarrassed because they saw the salad dressing.
(LW)   Why aren’t dogs good dancers? They have two left feet.
(LW)   Why aren’t koalas actual bears? Because they don’t meet the koalafications.
(LSWN) Why can sea lions only swim in salt water? Because pepper water makes them sneeze.
(LW)   Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
(LS)   Why can't cats play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
(LSW)  Why can't humans hear a dog whistle. Because dogs can't whistle.
(S)    Why can't you tell a joke to an egg? It might crack up.
(LW)   Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
(LSW)  Why couldn't the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn't habanero!
(LSW)  Why did St. Louis throw a party? Because Missouri loves company.
(LW)   Why did Superman avoid the Bitcoin themed night at the club? It was ‘crypto-night’!
       Why did the art theif's van run out of gas as he drove away from the museum? Because he had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh.
(LSW)  Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
(W)    Why did the chicken go to the gym? To work on his pecks.
       Why did the crab cross the road? It didn't - it used the sidewalk.
       Why did the dad joke cross the road? To get to the other sigh.
(LW)   Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it!
       Why did the magazine company go out of business? Too many issues.
(LW)   Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
       Why did the math textbook visit the guidance counselor? It needed help figuring out its problems.
(LW)   Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed!
(S)    Why did the triangle feel sorry for the circle? It was pointless.
(LW)   Why did the vegetable cargo ship sink in the ocean? It had too many leeks.
       Why didn't the lifeguard rescue the hippy? Because he was too far out man!
       Why do actors say "Break a leg?" They all want to be in a cast.
       Why do astronauts use linux? Because you can't open windows in space.
	   Why do ducks have feathers? To hide their butt quacks!
       Why do elephants get kicked out of the pool? Because they drop their trunks.
       Why do fish sing off key? Because you can't tuna fish.
       Why do flamingos stand on one leg? If they pulled up the other leg they'd fall.
(LSW)  Why do ghosts ride elevators? To lift their spirits.
(LSW)  Why do golfers carry an extra pair of pants with them when they go golfing? Just in case they get a hole in one.
(LSW)  Why do horses have low divorce rates? They have stable relationships.
(LSW)  Why do nurses always carry red crayons? In case they need to draw blood.
       Why do people come back from a baby changing station with the same baby?
       Why do people say they're having a tuna-fish sandwich? No one ever says they're having a chicken-bird sandwich.
       Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
(LW)   Why do secret agents get the best sleep? Because they’re always undercover.
       Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady!
       Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it!
(LSW)  Why does Santa have three gardens? So he can ho ho ho.
       Why does fridge have a 'D' in it, but refrigerator doesn't?
       Why doesn't the sun go to college? Because it has a million degrees.
(LS)   Why don't you ever see Santa in a hospital? Because he has private elf care.
(LW)   Why don’t ghosts like rain on Halloween? It dampens their spirits!
       Why is England the wettest country? Because so many kings and queens have been reigning there.
       Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands!
       Why is a 'W' called 'Double-U' when it is clearly a 'Double-V'?
(LW)   Why is a history degree useless? There’s no future in it!
(LW)   Why is dark spelled with a K? Because you can’t c in the dark.
       Why is everyone at the gym asking me why I'm sitting still on the stationary bike? I'm going downhill, dude, mind your business.
(LSW)  Why is it annoying to eat next to basketball players? They dribble all the time.
       Why is it cheaper to throw a party in a haunted house? Because the ghosts will bring the boos.
(LW)   Why is it getting harder to buy Advent calendars? Because their days are numbered.
(LW)   Why is your nose in the middle of your face? It’s the scenter!
(LS)   Why isn't holy water used in vaccines? Because you can't take the Lord's name in vein.
(LW)   Why isn’t suntanning an Olympic sport? You can only get bronze.
(LW)   Why was 69 afraid of 70? Because they had a fight and 71.
       Why was Cinderella so bad a soccer. She ran away from the ball. It wasn't her fault, her coach was a pumpkin.
(L)    Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock. It was a Marble cake.
(LSW)  Why was the cat afraid of the tree? Because of its bark.
       Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
(LW)   Why was the computer late for work? It had a hard drive.
       Why was the police officer upset when hs kids wouldn't go to bed? They were resisting arrest.
(LS)   Why was the sand wet? The seaweed.
(LW)   Why was the snowman looking through the carrots? He was picking his nose!
       Why would a pig dressed in black never get bullied? Because Batman has sworn to protect goth ham.
(LS)   Wife said, "our new neighbors are so in love. He kisser her, strokes her hair and hugs her. Why don't you do that"? I said, "Because I don't know her that well yet"
(LS)   Wife: please stop eating so much salt. Me: why? Wife: too much sodium can lead to high blood pressure, heart attack, and stroke. Me: so you're saying too much sodium is a salt with a deadly weapon.
(LW)   Winter sports fans just need to accept it. Skiing is going downhill!
(LSW)  With my ailing memory, I'm thinking of changing my passowrd to "incorrect". That way, when I log in with the wrong password, the computer will tell me..."Your password is incorrect".
       Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
       Woman divorces husband over his obsession with pasta. He told the daily paper: 'She won't get a penne out of me'.
       Women's magazine: Page 9: How to lose weight fast. Page 10: You're beautiful the way you are. Page 11: Cake recipe.
       Worked at a factory that was famous for making giant pastries. One day they fired everyone, and brought in new workers. Yes, there was an enormous turnover...
       Working at an unemployment office has to be a tense job...knowing if you get fired, you still have to come in the next day.
       Wrestling: s aport where people without pants fight for a belt.
       Yesterday I ate a clock, it was very time consuming. Especially when I went back for seconds.
       Yesterday I read an article about the dangers of drinking too much...It scared the heck out of me, so today I've decided never to read it again.
(LW)   Yesterday I saw an ad that said “Radio for sale, $1. Volume stuck on full blast.” I said to myself, “You can’t turn that down!”
       Yesterday one of my good friends told me I often make people uncomfortable by violating their personal space. It was a really hurtful thing to say and completely ruined our bath.
       You can drink a drink but you can't food a food.
       You can tell a lot about a woman by her hands. For instance, if they are around your throat, She's probably slightly upset.
(LSW)  You know me, if I ever win the lottery, rest assured nobody around me will be poor, and I mean that.....I will move to a rich neighborhood!
       You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine."
       You know what really makes me throw up? A dartboard on a ceiling.
       You know what the first rule of passive-aggressive club is? You know what, never mind. Forget it.
       You really should try archery while blindfolded. You don't know what you're missing.
(LW)   You think gas prices are expensive, have you seen Chimneys? They’re through the roof!
       You're living, you occupy space, and you have mass. You know what that means? You matter!
       Your fingers have fingertips but your toes don't have toetips, yet you can tiptoe but not tipfinger.
(LSW)  Your veterinarian won't tell you this but if your dog is running a fever, go to the store and get some mustard. It's the best thing for a hot dog.
(S)    goodyears
(S)    no-bell prize
