Lesser Known Knights of the Round Table:
What do you call the knight:
  who was afraid to fight: Sir Render
  no one believed: Sir Real
  too big to sit at the table: Sir Round
  who designed the table: Sir Cumference
  undercover knight: Sir Veillance
  who was never killed in battle: Sir Vivor
  who exceeded expectations: Sir Passed
  who showed up unexpectedly: Sir Prize
  who overcame obstacles: Sir Mount
  who funded the kingdom: Sir Tax
  who kept the maps up-to-date: Sir Veyor
  who drank too much: Sir Rhosis
  who stood in for the king: Sir Rogate
  who stood out among the rest: Sir Perp
  with the fragile ego: Sir Amic
  who performed in three rings: Sir Cus
  the sddest knight of all: Sir Rowful
  who wasn't needed: Sir Perfluous
  who liked to dance: Sir Prance Alot
  
My Friends so dumb...
  She thinks she can't listen to her AM radio at night.
  She thinks Taco Bell is the Mexican phone company.
  She heard that 80% of accidents happen at home, so she moved.
  She tried to put the M&Ms in alphabetical order.
  At the bottom of her job application where it says "Sign Here" she wrote "Virgo".
  She told her friend to meet her at the corner of WALK and DON'T WALK.
  She thinks that TGIF on her t-shirt stands for "This Goes in Front."


Holiday:

What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What happened when the snowgirl broke up with the snowboy? She gave him the cold shoulder.
How does a snowman lose weight? He waits for the weather to get warmer.
Why did the snowman turn yellow? Ask the little boy over there.
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost? Because Frost bites.
Why don't you ever see Santa in a hospital? Because he has private elf care.
Why is Santa afraid of getting stuck in a chimney? He has Claus-trophobia.
How can you tell that Santa is real? You can always sense his presents.
Why will Santa go down your chimney on Christmas Eve? because it soots him.
fWhat does Santa spend his hard-earned salary on? Jingle bills.
What goes "Oh Oh Oh"? Santa walking backwards.
What do you call a bunch of chess players bragging about their games in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What happended to the man who stole an Advent Calendar? He got 25 days.
What's the most popular Christmas wine? "But I don't like Brussels sprouts!
How does Christmas Day end? With the letter Y!
My friend just won the tallest Christmas tree competition. I thought to myself, "How can you top that?"
A gingerbread man went to the doctor's complaining of a sore knee. The doctor asked him, "Have you tried icing it?"
What's the Grinch's least favorite band? The Who.
Why does Drake love giving gifts? He's really good at wrapping!
What did the gingerbread man put on his bed? A cookie sheet.
What did Adam say the day before Christmas? "It's Christmas, Eve!"
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes
Where does Santa cash his checks? At the snow bank.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? Does it smell like carrots?
Who delivers Christmas presents to cats and dogs? Santa Paws.
What falls at the North Pole but never gets hurt? Snow!
Where do elves go to vote? The north poll.
What did Santa and his wife do when they wantd to split up but couldn't find a divorce lawyer in the North Pole? They got a semicolon instead. They're great for separating independent Clauses.
Why did Santa go to college for music? So he could improve his wrapping skills!
Prosthetic leg for sale. Would make excellent Christmas stocking filler.
I once pulled a muscle as I was digging for gold. It was just a niner injury.
Did you hear about the shoelace that got coal for Christmas? He was on the "knotty" list.
Why was Santa's little helper depressed? He had low elf-esteem.
Banks need to get better at restocking these ATM's at Christmas...This is the 5th one I've been to that has "Insufficient Funds"
My wife said to me that if I got her another stupid gift this Christmas, she would burn it...So I bought her a candle.
What do you call Santa without a GPS? A lost Claus...
I do not know who 'Holly' is, but the desire of her enemies to deck the halls with her bowels indicates that she must be a fierce warrior, indeed.
Hallmark Researchers say they are close to developing a Second Movie plot.
I fell asleep halfway into a Hallmark holiday movie, then woke up halfway through another. It took me 30 minutes to notice.


