How did the papa bear open his birthday present? with his BEAR hands. --- (L)
What music do balloons fear? Pop music. --- (L)
Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock. It was a Marble cake. --- (L)
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame. --- (S)
no-bell prize --- (S)
goodyears --- (S)
"Have you heard of Murphy's law? "Yeah", "What is it?" "If something can go wrong, it will go wrong." "Rignth. Have you heard of Cole's Law?", "No, what is it?", "Thinly sliced cabbage."
"How much to hire a church singing group" "You mean a choir?" "Fine, how much to acquire a church sing group?"
"I was the knight no one expected to see on the battlefield that day!" - Sir Prise
"May you live as long as you want and not want for as long as you live." That's an Irish toast. "Cinnamon, eggs, bread, and maple syrup." That's a French toast.
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island."
"Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."
"Your underwear is much too tight and very revealing," I said to my wife. She replied, "Wear your own then."
10 years ago today I asked my childhood sweetheart, my best friend and the most beautiful woman in the world to marry me... All three said "no."
100 years ago everybody rode horses around, and only the wealthy could afford cars. Today everybody drives cars, and only the wealthy can afford horses. Oh how the stables have turned.
5 ants rented an apartment with 5 other ants. Now they are tenants together.
99.99% of people are idiots. I'm just happy I belong to the 1%.
A Mexican magician said he will disappear on the count of 3. He says: "Uno, Dos..." Poof! He disappeared without a tres.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
A cardiologist died and was given an elaborate funeral. A huge heart, covered in flowers, stood behind the casket during the service. Following the eulogy, the heart opened, and the casket rolled inside. The beautiful heart then closed, sealing the doctor inside forecver. At that poin, one of the mourners burst into laughter. When all eyes stared at him, he said, "I'm sorry. I was just thinking of my own funeral...I'm a gynecologist." The proctologist fainted.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
A colon can completely change the meaning of a sentence. For example: - Jane ate her friends sandwich. - Jane ate her friends colon.
A colorblind friend insists that all apples are yellow. I told him that was bananas.
A couple of cows were smoking weed and playing poker. The steaks were high.
A couple of kids asked me today what it was like for me growing up...so I took their phones, shut off their internet, geve them a popsicle and told them to go outside till the street lights came on.
A duck, a skunk and a deer went out to dinner at a restaurant one night. When it came time to pay, the skunk didn't have a scent, the deer didn't have a buck, so they put the meal on the duck's bill.
A farmer was milking his cow. He was just starting to get a good rhythm going when a bug flew into the barn and started circling his head. Suddently, the bug flew into the cow's ear. the farmer didn't think much about it, until the bug squirted out into his bucket. It went in one ear and out the udder.
A fireman walked into the Hardware store today holding a screwdriver above his head. He yelled with a loud, serious vice. Ladies & Gentleman, this is not a Drill.
A friend and I stopped by Hooters for some wings and a beer. He asked me, "Which waitress would you like to be stuck with in an elevator?" I responded, "The one that can fix elevators. I'm old, I'm tired, and I pee a lot."
A friend of mine got kidnapped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to him.
A genie granted me one wish, so I said "I just want to be happy." Now I'm living in a cottage with 6 dwarves and working in a mine.
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, "How long have you suffered from that condition?" The guy tells him, "Since next Monday."
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve You, bot don't start anything."
A lot of people don't realize the actor that played Wilson in Castaway is the same actor from the volleyball scene in Top Gun.
A man boards a plane with six kids. After they get settled in their seats, a woman sitting across the aisle leans over to him and asks, "Are al of those kids yours?" He replies, "No. I work for a condom company. These are customer complaints."
A man walked into a seafood restaurant and asked for a lobster tail. The waitress smiled sweetly and said - "once upon a time, there was this handsome lobster..."
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm ans says: "A beer please, and one for the road."
A mean kid at school asked me if I was a nerd. I said I preferred the term "Smarter than you".
A naked man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back. "I am a turtle", he says. "Who's on your back?", "That's Michelle."
A new study shows 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
A pastor was 10-minutes into his sermon when he noticed his young son in the balcony with a pea-shooter. He was leaning over the "balcony" - aliming, and popping people in the head. As the pastor prepared to deliver a very public scolding of his boy - the 7 year old son hollered out, "You keep preaching Dad, and I'll keep'em awake!"
A photon is going through airport security. The TSA agent asks if he has any luggage. The photon says, "No, I'm traveling light."
A police office called the station on his radio. "I have an interesting case here. An old lady shot her husband for stepping on the floor she just mopped." "Have you arrest the woman"? Not yet. The floor's till wet.
A sheep herder is watching his dog herd all their sheep into a pen. The dog finishes and says "Master, I've got all 30 sheep in the pen". The man looks at the sheep, then back to the dog and says "but I only count 26". The dog says "I know, I rounded them up".
A slice of apple pie costs $2 in Jamaica. And $2.50 in the Bahamas. Those are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
A snake that counts is an adder.
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night...Oof!
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you"? "Pop", goes the weasel.
A woman asked me if men still open car doors? How do you think we get inside.
A woman called her local dairy telling them she wants to order enough milk to take a milk bath. Farser says "You want the mild pasteurised?" She said "no, just up to my chin".
A woman has twins and gives them up for adoption. One of them goes to a family in Egypt and is names "Ahmal." The other goes to a family in Spain; they name him "Juan." Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mother. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Ahmal. Her husband responds, "They're twins! If you've seen Juan, you've seen Ahmal."
A woman in labor shouts "shouldn't", "couldn't", "wouldn't", "Didn't", "can't". Doctor says, "It's okay it's just contractions"
A woman walks into a gun shop. "It's for my husband," she tells the owner. "Did he tell you what caliber to get?" the owner asks. "Are you joking? He doesn't even know I'm going to shoot him!"
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!
Although I lost my hair years ago, I still carry a comb. I just can't part with it.
Alwasys make sure SOMEONE in the relationship has good credit. That's why it's called SIGNIFICANT other. Sign/if/I/can't.
An emergency call: "Come quick, my friend was bitten by a wolf!" Operator: "Where?" Caller: "No a regular one1"
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a Spaniard and a German are all standing watching a street performer do some excellent juggling. The juggler notices that the four gentlemen have a very poor view, so he stands up on a large wooden box and calls out, "Can you all see me now?" "Yes." "Oui." "Si." "Ja."
An old Japanese gardener asked me what I knew about bonsai trees. I said..."Very little."
And then there was the time Fruit of the Loom took Hanes to court. It was a brief case.
Apparently 30% of owners let their pet sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
Apparently to start a zoo you need at least two pandas, a grizzly and three polars. It's the bear minimum.
Are the e's in bee silent?
As an American, I'm tired of people saying America is the stupidest country in the world...personally, I think Europe is the stupidest country in the world.
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
At a job interview I filled my glass of water until it overflowed a little. "Nervous?" asked the interviewer. "No, I always give 110%".
Ate my last piece of cheese yesterday. Today it is raining. Ain't no sunshine, when cheese gone.
Bears probably don't even realize that we have a right to their arms.
Before my surgery today, the anesthesiologist asked if I'd like to be knocked out with gas or he could just hit me over the head with a canoe paddle. So I guess it was...and ether/oar situation.
Before was was was, was was is. (People learning English - :(
Being a little older, I am very fortunate to have someone call and check on my everyday. He is from India and is very concerned about my car warranty.
Biscuits and gravy is weird because it's like "Here's some really wet flour poured over some really dry flour."
Breaking news: Scientist have discovered what it believed to be the world's largest bed sheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
C, E-flat, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, but we do not serve minors".
Called a restaurant to make a reservation but couln't think of the word so asked for a food appointment and now I can never show my face there again.
Can anyone tell me what oblivious means? I have no idea.
Can trees poop? Yes. How else do we get No. 2 pencils?
Captain we have been attacked by a vessel from the planet omega 3. Thandully the damage is only super fish oil.
Carpenter ants are just like regular ants except rainy days and Mondays always get them down.
Chinese takeout: $12, Tip: $3. Getting home and finding out they forgot part of your order: riceless.
Chuck Norris admitted to using stunt doubles in his movies, but only for the crying part.
Cop: "Why is there a crocodile buckled in your passenger seat!?" Me: (offended) "Steve isn't a crocodile! He's my Navi-Gator...I'd be lost without him!"
Cop: You were going too fast. Me: I was just trying to keep up with traffic. Cop: There isn't any. Me: I know! That's how far behind I am.
Cross-eyed teacher loses job. could not control her pupils.
Currently on sick-leave after dropping a kleenex box on my foot. According to my doctor, I've got soft tissue damage.
Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!
Davy Crockett had 3 ears. A left, a right, and his wild frontier...
Diarrhea is hereditary. It runs in your jeans.
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
Did you hear about the chameleon that couldn't change color? It had a-reptile dysfunction.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Did you hear about the dwarf psychic who escaped from prison. The headline read "Small Medium at Large".
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint!
Did you hear about the hikers through the Himalayas that were dragged into a cave and only released after having done 100 sit-ups? They were victims of the Abdominal Snowman.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
Did you hear about the two people who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
Did you know an antelope can jump highter than a house. That is due to its powerful hind legs and the fact that a house cannot jump at all.
Did you know cows kill more people than sharks? I am actually quite surprised that cows kill any sharks at all...
Did you know muffins spelled backwards is what you do when you take them out of the oven?
Did you know that I almost have a photographic memory? I never developed it.
Did you know that if you put your left shoe on your left foot, it means you're putting it on the right foot?
Did you know that you can't buy car batteries with a credit card? You're not supposed to charge new batteries.
Did you know...taller people sleep longer in bed.
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii? or just a low ha.
Did we ever find out what the knights in white sat in?
Do you know how to turn autocorrect off? Why? Everyone thinks I'm a homeless romantic.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
Doctors have just identified a food that can cause grief and suffering years after it's been eaten. It's called a wedding cake.
Does the arachnophobia support group have a website?
Don't bursh your teeth with your left hand. Because a toothbrush works a lot better.
Don't throw sodium chloride at people. That's a salt.
Don't worry about your smartphone and TV spying on you. Your vacuum cleaner has been gathering dirt on you for years.
Dude 1: "Hey bro?" Dude 2: "Yeah bro?" Dude 1: "Can you hand me that pamplet?" Dude 2: "Borchure"
Elderly copule in church. Wife turns to husband and says "i've just done a silent fart, what should I do?" Husband says "put new batteries in your hearing aid!"
Elton John bought his pet rabbit to the gym... "It's a little fit bunny..."
Energizer bunny arrested: Charged with battery.
Even if a bear wears docks and shoes, he still has bear feet!
Every time I take up a sport or exercise I meet new people....Usually, they're paramedics...but they're new people.
For my wife's birtday, I took her to sit in an orchard for a couple of hours. Not quite the Apple watch she was expecting.
For the 10th year in a row, my coworkers voted me "the most secretive guy" in the office. I can't tell you how much this award means to me.
Fun fact: Australia's biggest export is boomerangs. It's also their biggest import.
Genie: I shall grant you 3 wishes. Me: I wish for a world without lawyers. Genie; Done, you have no more wishes. Me: But you said 3. Genie. So Sue me!
Geography teacher asked if I could name a country with no R in it. I said, "No way."
Geology rocks but geography is where it's at.
Got me an emotional support pet. It's a chicken. It's crispy. It also came with a biscuit.
Guess who I bumped into on the way to the opticians? Everyone. (or 'to get my glasses fixed')
Had a policeman stop me to say he was looking for a man with one eye. I told him to use both and he would find him a lot quicker.
Had to buy a new pair of scissors for the kids' arts and crafts...the old ones just weren't cutting it.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
Hello Animal Control? I found a suitcase with a mother possum and 2 babies inside. Animal Control: That's odd. Can you tell if they're moving? Me: Honestly I'm not sure, but it would explain the suitcase.
Her: "Why do we need walkie-talkies? Our relationship is over." Me: "Our relationship is what? Over."
Here's a question for all you mind readers out there.
Hope Facebook doesn't go down again. I spent last night knocking on neighbors doors to show them my dinner.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
How come "you're a peach" is a compliment but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
How do you console an English teacher? There, their, they're.
How do you make the number one disappear? You add "g" and it's GONE.
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
How does an Englishman invite a dinosaur for lunch? Tea, Rex?
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
How many cats can you put in an empty box? Only one. After that the box isn't empty.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a lightbulb? Two. One to change the bulk and one to give it an unexpected twist at the end.
How many time do you have to tickle an octopus to make it laugh? Ten-tickles. Of course it only has 8 of those. So the first two were test-tickles.
How much does a rainbow weigh? Not much, they're actually pretty light!
How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible!
How often do planes crash? Just once.
How to 37 mathematicians board a bus with only 36 seats? They carry the one.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
I Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship. But there was no Chemistry.
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight.
I accidentally sprayed deodorant in my mouth. Now when I talk, I have this weird axe scent.
I accidentally took my cats meds last night..Don't ask meow!
I always carry a picture of my wife and kids in my wallet. I do it to remind myself why there is no money in there.
I always keep my guitar in the car now. It's good for traffic jams.
I am actually watching a live stream right now.
I am getting a little sick of my wife complaining that I sit around and do nothing all weekend. I'm not going to stand for it.
I am so poor. I can't even pay attention.
I am starting a charity to teach short people math. It's called making the little things count.
I am writing a book about reverse psychology...please don't buy it!f
I amazes me just how much exercise and extra fries sound alike.
I amputated a man's toe and replaced it with a prosthetic made out of a breath mint. I gave him a Tic Tac toe.
I asked a supermarket market worker where they kept the canned peaches. He asid, "I'll see," and walked away. I asked another and he also said, "I'll see," and walked away. In the end, I gave up and found them myself. They were in Aisle C.
I asked my Chinese friend what it's like to live in China. He says he can't complain.
I asked my friend when their birthday was. He said March 1st. I stood up, walked around the room, and asked again.
I asked my wife how to turn Alexa off. She said: "How about walking through the room naked?"
I asked my wife if I am the only one she has ever been with. She said yes, all the others were nines and tens.
I asked seven billionairies, "What's the secret to your success?" and they all said the same thing. "How did you get into my mansion?"
I asked the Librarian where the books on Engine lubricants were. She said they were in the non-friction section.
I asked the librarian, "Do you hae any books on the Titanic?", Yes, but they haven't been returned yet.
I asked the waitress for a quickie and she slapped me. Aparently it's pronunced "quiche".
I ate a kids meal at McDonalds this morning. His mom was furious!
I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the largest vowel movement ever.
I bought 75% of shares in a vampire hunting business. I'm the main stakeholder.
I bought a greyhound yesterday. My wife said "Are you going to race him?" I said "No, he's much faster than me!"
I bought my wife a matching belt and bag for her birthday. She'll get that vacuum working again in no time.
I call people who work out next to me, Gomer Pyle. because they're my Jim Nabors..
I called my doctor "My wife is going into labor! What should I do?" "Is this her first child?", he asked. "No,this is her husband."
I came home and my dog pee'd a little because he was happy to see me. None of my friends pee when they see ms. I'm surrounded by fakes.
I can list a couple of reasons why they would make a new Elvis movie... 1. For the money 2. For the show.
I can't believe I was arrested for impersonting a politician. I was just sitting there doing nothing.
I can't believe someone broke into my house and stole all of my frit. I am peachless.
I can't hear out of my right ear. Are you sure? Yes, I'm definite..
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I can't work out, I'm in the fitness protection program.
I changed the voice on my GPS to Bono's, Now the streets have no names and I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
I considered becoming a dermatologist, but I don't like making rash decisions.
I could never understand why my sister's had 2 brothers and I have only 1.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
I debated a flat earther once He stormed off saying he'd walk to the edge of the earth to prove me wrong. I'm sure he'l come around, eventually.
I doesn't matter if you're tall, short, fat, thin, rich, poor, at the end of the day....it's night.
I don't get why students are being asked to study math until they're 18. I stopped studying at 16 and don't see what difference an extra 3 years would make.
I don't know about my new doctor...I told him I was suffering from joint pain and he told me to stop putting the lit end in my mouth.
I don't mean to brag, but cashiers are always checking me out.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
I don't understand how cloning works. That makes two of us.
I dreamed I was invisible and I married an invisible woman. I'm not sure what we saw in each other. OUr kids were nothing to look at either.
I excel at saying 39 in Roman numerals.
I finally managed to convince my wife to watch Back to the Future. It's....about time!
I found a book about an amazing basement. It was a best celler!
I found a candy cane from last winter as I was cleaning out the pantry today. It was still in mint condition.
I gave my wife some old socks and asked if she would mend them? She told me they weren't worth a darn.
I get very annoyed when people mix up there, their, and they're. From now on I'm going two point it out weather they like it or not!
I gonna start a site for root veggies called Utubers.
I got a beautiful new car for my wife. Best trade I've ever made.
I got a lift to the eleventh floor, and as I got out, the operator said "Have a dood day, son." "Do't call me son," I said. "You're not my dad." He scratched his head. "No, but I broght you up, didn't I?"
I got fired from the bank today. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her.
I got hired today at the comb factory. It's just part time.
I got pulled over by a lady cop who asked me to get out of my car. She said, "you're staggering!" I said, "you're not so bad yourself"
I got trapped in the snow globe factory overnight. I'm Ok, just a little shaken.
I had a beer last night and on the side of the can it said, "best drunk in June, 2023". I want to thank the beer company for this prestigious award.
I had a dream the ocean was filled with orange soda. It was a Fanta Sea.
I had a relative that, when she passed by a TV or radio, got better reception! Her name was Aunt Anna!
I had a vasectomy because I didn't want any kids. When I got home, they were still there.
I had to end my friendship with Dracula. He was a pain in the neck.
I had to fire my fruit deleivery driver today. I hated to let the mango but he was driving me bananas.
I had to fire the guy I hired to mow my lawn. He just didn't cut it.
I had to quit my job in construction because I wasn't big enough or strong enough. I had to give them a too weak notice!
I hate it when people don't know the difference between your and you're. There so stupid.
I hate it when people try to act all intelligent and talk about Mozart when they have never even seen one of his paintings.
I hate spelling errors. You mix up two letters and your whole post is urined.
I have a friend who writes songs about sewing machines. She's a singer songwriter, or sew it seams.
I have a scary joke about math but I'm 2^2 to say it!
I have an irrational fear of overly engineered buildings. I have a complex complex complex.
I haven't spoken to my wife in 7 years. I don't want to interrupt her.
I heard my wife, in the other room, yelling at the the TV: "Don't go in there! Don't go in the church, you moron!" She is watching our wedding video again.
I hurt my knee slipping on ice in front of the police station. I went inside to complain but they charged me with a fell-on-knee.
I informed my family that someone in the house was secretly an owl in disguise and our oldest daughter asked, "Who?" Honestly, never suspected her.
I invented a car that moves only when the driver is silent...it goes without saying.
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism!
I joined a dating site for arsonists. I've been getting a lot of matches.
I joined a procrastinator support group. It's called "Wait watchers".
I just bought stock in a balloon manufacturing company. I'm one of the few people I know who enjoys inflation.
I just burnt my Hawaiian Pizza. Should have used aloha temperature.
I just called the paranoia hotline. A guy answered: "How the heck did you get this number?"
I just dropped a heavy box of berries on my foot. Now I cranberry walk.
I just figured out why Teslas are so expensive. It's because they charge  a lot.
I just got a call from my son's school. The principal told me that he's been acting up in class. My response was, "he act's up at home all the time but I don't call you, do I?
I just got a job at a factory that makes electrical outlets, they said they hired me because I seem to be well grounded.
I just got hit ay a rental car. It Hertz.
I just got hit by a rental car. It Hertz.
I just heard that with all this pronoun talk, Chocolate has now identified as Her/She.
I just noticed two large bumps on my car battery. Had them tested and one came back positive. Hope it's not terminal.
I just read a great book about how steel ships are held together. It was riveting.
I just read that 4,154,237 people got married last year. Maybe it's the math teacher in me, but shouldn't that be an even number?
I just realized that the word "seven" has "even" in it. That's odd!
I just saved over $25,000 on a new car battery. because my car runs on gas.
I just saw on the news that a man has discovered how to do origami backwards! More on this story as it unfolds...
I just spent 20 minutes searching for my phone in the car...while using my phone as a flashlight.
I just spent 45 minutes on the treadmill. Tomorrow, the goal is to turn it on.
I just want to say that whoever snuck the "S" into "Fast Food" was really sneaky.
I keep all my dad jokes in a dad-a-base!
I lived in a houseboat and dated the girl next door. But eventually, we drifted apart.
I lost three fingers on my right hand, so I asked my doctor if I would still be able to write with it. He said: "maybe, but I wouldn't count on it."
I love my job. Lately, colleagues have been writing names on the food in the office fridge. I'm currently eating a yogurt called Susan. How cute!
I love watching programs about lakes and rivers on the internet. Anything water related really.
I made Thanksgiving puns all night and was on a roll but now I yam so tired I cranberry stay awake.
I made a graph of all my past relationships. It has an ex asis and a why axis.
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from The Peanuts, The Cranberries and Eminem. I call it my Trail mix.
I married my wife for her looks. Just not the ones she's been giving me lately.
I met a magical Genie. He gave me one wish. I said, "I wish I could be you". The Genue saud, "Weurd wush but U wull grant ut."
I met a nun who wiped her nose on her clothes. She had a nasty habit.
I met a woman outside the mall crying, she had lost $200, so I gave her $40 from the $200 I had found. When God blesses you, you must bless others.
I offered the old women next door $5 to have a go on her stair lift....I think she's going to take me up on it.
I once got sent out of class at school for being too sarcastic. The teacher yelled at me, "What would your parents say if I called them?" I replied, "Hello?"
I opened a gym, where the instructors would go from door to door, to tell people about the benefits of joining it. I've named it Jehovah's Fitness.
I overdosed on viagra the other day. It was the hardest day of my life.
I phoned my wife earlier and asked her if she wanted me to pick up fish and chips on my way home from work but she just grunted at me. I think she still regrets letting me name the twins.
I phoned my work this morning and said, "Sorry boss, I can't come in today, I have a wee cough." He said, "You hve a wee cough?" I said, "Really? Thanks boss, see you next week!"
I put a pair of glasses on and suddenlysaw a fella in a suit of armour. They were knight vision goggles...
I quit calling my bathroom the John. I started calling it the gym so I could tell people I want to the gym every morning.
I quit my job as a scuba diving instructor after giving my first lesson. Deep down, I realized it wasn't for me.
I ran for the first time with my Fitbit on. It detected me running, and asked if my life was in danger, or if tacos were on sale for $1 again.
I read a book about a young girl in the 1940's who got food poisoning from the hot dog she made. It was titled: "The Diarrhea of Anne's Frank."
I recently ran an ultra marathon in northern Sweden...I realized that I had gone way off course as soon as I crossed the Finnish line.
I recently took a pole and found out that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed.
I recently wrote a song about tortillas...well actually it's more of a wrap.
I remember as a kid my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing but when I got home, the signs where all there.
I sat down for dinner at a restaurant, and the waiter asked me, "Do you want to hear today's special?". I said, "Yes please." Waiter: "No problem sir. Today is special."
I saw a beehive with no exit. Unbelievable.
I saw a man standing with a sign yesterday that said,  'I'm looking for Werk." I went over to help him out and correct his spelling but apparently that's how you spell his brother's name.
I saw a nice flock of cows today. Herd of cows. Of course I have. They go "moo".
I saw a pigeon open its mouth without making a sound and realized I'd just witnessed a failed coo attempt.
I saw an ad for a cheap crystal ball. I thought, "That's worth looking into."
I sent my hearing aids for repair 2 weeks ago. Haven't heard anything since.
I spent $400 on a limousine and discovered that the fee doesn't include a driver. Can't believe I've spent all that money ad have nothing to chauffeur it.
I found an online group where they all talk in lowercase. That group hates capitalism.
I struggle with Roman Numerals until I get to 159. Then it just CLIX.
I taught a wolf to meditate. Now he's aware wolf.
I taught my kids about democracy tonight by having them vote on which movie to watch and pizza to order. I then picked the movie and pizza because I'm the one with the money.
I think I'm losing my mind! That's because you've given me a piece of it every day since we got married.
I think my dog always follows me to the bathroom because I always follow him outside and he thinks that's the way it works.
I told my boss I needed a pay raise and that a few other companies were after me. Boss: which ones? Me: Water, Gas & Electric
I told my daughter that I saw a deer on the way to work this morning. She said, "How do you know it was on its way to work?"
I told my friend i'd build a model of the Himalayas. He asked: "to scale?" I said: "No, just to look at"
I told my girl to meet me at the gym...she never showed up...I guess me and her are just not gonna work out
I told my wife: There's only one thing that scares me during Halloween...My wife: "Which is?"  Me: "Exactly"
I told my psychologist I am scared of living in a tall building. He saids it's only an Apartment Complex.
I told myself that I should stop drinking, but I'm not going to listen to a drunk who talks to himself.
I told the waitress my steak was bad. She picked it up, slapped it, put it down and said: "if it gives you more trouble let me know!"
I tried to come up with a carpentry pun......that woodwork, I think I nailed it, but nobody saw it.
I tried to explain to my four-year-old child that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he's still making fun of me.
I tried to re-marry my ex-wife...but she figured out I was only after my money.
I tried to write a drinking song, but I couldn't make it past the first few bars.
I used to have a dog who did magic. It was a labracadabrador.
I used to just crastinate but I got so good I went pro.
I used to think I was indecisive, now I'm not so sure.
I used to wonder about people that paid a fortune for those little bottles of Evian water until I read it backwards...
I used to work at a coal pit. But later became an Actor. For some reason I was only ever cast in miner roles.
I used to work for a tree trimming company. I was a branch manager.
I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64k, 128k, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
I walked into a pub with my wife. The Landlord said, "Would you like a beer for your wife?" I said: "That sounds like a fair swap."
I walked into the pet store and I spoke to the guy at the counter. "I'm looking for an inexpensive pet and I heard your birds are going cheep"
I want to grow my own food but I can't find bacon sees.
I was a sigh that said "Falling Rocks". So I tried and it doesn't (S)
I was a table for free but decided not to take it. It was a round table, so I couldn't use it during the day. Round tables are for knights.
I was abducted by aliens. They made me wash my hands, clean my room, and eat my vegetables. Turns out I was on the mothership.
I was attacked by a flock of sheep today. Luckily, I was only grazed.
I was driving to the airport to catch my flight when I saw a sign that said: "Airport Left". So I turned around and went home.
I was feeling bad about the future today, but then I installed the new version of office. It improved my outlook.
I was going to cook alligator...but I realized I only had a crock pot.
I was having trouble with my computer at work so I called IT Support...He said, "Have you tried disabling cookies?" I said, "Well, I once bit the legs off of gingerbread man!"
I was having trouble with my internet at the farm, so I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable wifi.
I was horrified when my wife told me that my six-year-old-son wasn't actually mine. Apparently I need to pay more attention during school pick-up.
I was in a restaurant last night when the waitress shouted "Anyone know CPR"? I said "I know the whole alphabet". Everyone laughted except one guy!
I was in a taxi the other day and the drive said, "do you mind if I put some music on?" I said "not at all" He said "Kiss"? I said, "Let's listen to the music first and see how we feel"
I was in my care driving back from work when a police officer pulled me over and knocked on my window. I said, "One minute, I'm on the phone."
I was in a taxi today and the drive said, "I love my job. I'm my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do." Then I said: "Turn left here."
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
I was my math teacher walking down the corridor holding some graph paper. I thought, "he's plotting something".
I was orphaned at a young age and raised by a pack of hyenas. No toys, no posh house, facing starvation scouring for food, but boy, did we have some laughs!
I was out having lunch with an old frind. I pointed to two older gentlemen sitting on the other side of the dining room and said, "That'll be us someday." My friend said, "That's a mirror!"
I was out with my young daughter and ran into a friend I'd not seen in years.  "This is Beth." I said, introducing my kid. "And what's Beth short for?", he asked. "Because she's only three,", I replied.
I was out with the wife the other day walking around the National Gallery looking at all the painting, sculpture, statues and realized how it all enhanced our planet. I look at my wife and asked; "I wonder what Earth would be like with no art in it?". The looked at me a bit bemused: "Eh?......"
I was racking up to play pool with my son, and he said: "Do you wanna break?" "Why?" I said. "We haven't even started yet!"
I was trying to figure out why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I was walking in the jungle and saw a lizard on his hind legs telling jokes. I turned to a local tribesman and said "That lizards really funny!" The tribesman replied, "That's not a lizard....He's a stand up chameleon...."
I was walking past a farm and a sign said "Duck, eggs". I thought: "That's an unnecessary comma - and then it hit me."
I wasn't able to make reservations at the library. They're...completely booked.
I watched a documentary on beavers last night. Best damn show I've ever seen.
I went fishing last weekend. and there was this guy splashing about in the middle of the lake shouting "I can't swim! I can't swim!" I said, "it's alright, pointing at a nearby sign, "It says no swimming!"
I went to McDonald's and ordered 2 large fries. They gave me around 75 tiny ones instead.
I went to an outside restaurant yesterday, it started to rain and it took me two hours to finish my soup.
I went to the doctor's office the other day and said: "I broke my arn in two places." The doctor replied: "Stop going to those places!"
I went to the local video store and asked if I could borrow Batman Forever. They said no, you'll have to bring it back tomorrow.
I wish I was as fat as I was the first time I thought I was fat.
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
I would like to be a millionaire just like my dad. He always wanted to be a millionaire too.
I you think my prose is bad, just remember...it could be verse.
I"m currently reading a book about a couple of insects who fall in love in an Italian city. It's a Rome ants novel.
I'm a fisherman, and I'm dating a mermaid. I met her online.
I'm always surprised when heavily tattooed couples have a baby and it comes out blank.
I'm at the airport and there's a womon completely passed out on the baggage carousel! She's slowly coming around now.
I'm creating an app to find qualified electricians in your area. It's called wattsapp.
I'm doing one of those escape rooms today...Well work...I'm going to work, but trying to figure out how to get out of it.
I'm going to write a book about all the things I should have done with my life. I'll call it my oughtabiography.
I'm gonna go take a hot shower. It's like a normal shower, but with me in it.
I'm making a new documentary on how to fly a plane. We're currently filming the pilot.
I'm not aging like fine wine, I'm aging like milk - getting sour and chunky.
I'm not saying I'm attractive. But when I take my clothes off in the bathroom the shower gets turned on.
I'm not saying I'm old, I'm just saying that my dinner time and bed time are getting dangerously close to each other.
I'm not wearing glasses anymore. I've seen enough.
I'm on a plane and the lunch choices are: white meat chicken or German saugage. Unfortunately, I'm seated in the last row. I'm hoping for the breast, but preparing for the wurst.
I'm really excited about the amateur autopsy club I've joined...Tuesday is open Mike night.
I'm so glad I was able to convince my daughter not to date this guy named Kelvin. He's an absolute zero.
I'm so proud of my 18 year old son. I gave him a puzzle that said "2-3 years" on it and he completed it in 2 minutes.
I'm so terrified of asking my wife to clean up after cooking breakfast that...I've been walking on eggshells all day long!
I'm starting a combination coffee shop and family law office and calling it Grounds for Divorce.
I'm starting a new dating service in Prague. It's called Czech-Mate.
I'm starting to do lunges. It's a big step forward.
I'm starting up a new restaurant that serves curry poured over french fries. It's called "Curry on my wayward spud.' And yes...there'll be peas when you are done.
I'm thinking of going to a fancy dress party in a straitjacket. But I'm just not sure if I can pull it off.
I've asked my wife to polish my medieval battle uniform while I go to the pub. She always said she wanted a night in, shining armor.
I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants...Feefiphobia...
I've been reading a book called "How to Use a Ladder". Well, it's more of a step-by-step guide.
I've been trying to break up with an Optician recently...it's really hard! Every time I tell her I can't see her anymore she moves an inch closer and says: "How about now?"
I've changed my Facebook username to NOBODY...So now when piople post crap, I can press the 'like' button and it'll say NOBODY likes this.
I've entered the snapdragon part of my life. Part of me has snapped and the other part is dragging!
I've gotten really good at ruining family photos...i can do it with my eyes closed.
I've just bought a Humpty Dumpty toy from Aldi, it's brilliant, it comes with Aldi Kings horses and Aldi Kings men.
I've never trusted stairs. They're always up to something.
I've opened a restaurant called "Peace and Quiet". Kids meals only $150.
I've started a band called 999 megabytes...we haven't gotten a gig yet.
If a Psychiatrist puts you in a straight jacket, you're shrink wrapped
If a woman marries a man who already has grandchildren, does she become an Instagram?
If I could say one good thing about my wife's cooking, she sure broke that dog from begging at the table.
If I had 50 cents for every math test I'd failed, I'd hve $7.25.
If I had a dollar for every woman that didn't find me attractive, i'd have enough money for them all to find me attractive.
If a drummer comes out of retirement, will there be repercussions?
If at first you don't succeed...try doing it the way your wife told you...
If the No. 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still No. 2?
If the tinfoil hat crowd secretly runs everything, would that make them....The Aluminati?
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
If you say gullible very very slowly, it sounds like you're saynig oranges.
If vegetables are so good, explain to me why vegans are always trying to get them to taste like meat?
If we are to be serious about saving the planet, we should stop printing calendars. They're the reason our days are numbered.
If you don't clean your mirror. It will reflect badly on you.
If you drive a Subaru in reverse, what are you? U r a bus.
If you feel like running naked, just spray yourself with Windex. It prevents streaking.
If you spell the words "Absolutely Nothing" backwards, you get "Gnihton Yletulosba..." which ironically means...Absolutely nothing.
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks. It cost me an arm and a let!
If you're buying smart water for $4 a bottle...it's not working.
If your dentist fixed your cavities with different colors, would it be ok, or would you have...mixed fillings?
If your wife says she will be ready in 5 minutes, she will be. No need to remind her every 15 minutes about it.
Imagine a world in which YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook merge to become known as YouTwitFace.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
In college I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them!
In general, puns are corny, But puns about eyes are even cornea.
In the past the poor had horses and the rich had cars. now the poor have cars and only the rich have horses. How the stables have turned.
Incorrectly is the only word that when spelled right, is still spelled incorrectly.
Insomnia is terrible. But on the plus side...Only three more sleeps till Christmas.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards......creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
Is the 'S' or 'C' in scent silent?
It turns out that moist people don't mind small typos.
It's a 5 minutes walk from my house to the pub. It's a 30 minute walk from the pub to my house. The difference is staggering.
It's a five minute walk from my house to the bar, but a 45 minute walk from the bar to my house. The difference is staggering.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
It's my wife's birthday next week and she's been leaving jewelry catalogs all over our house. So I got her a magazine rack.
It's okay if you have no idea what "prefix" means. It's not the end of the word.
It's really hard to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells on the sea shore.
I've been taking viagra for my sunburn. It doesn't cure it, but it keeps the sheets off my legs.
I've often heard that "icy" is the easiest word to spell. Looking at it now, I see why.
I've never seen the inside of my ears. But I've heard good things.
Jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I gues they don't appreciate random people oming up to their door.
Job Interviewer: where do you see yourself in the next five years?
Job interviewer: Where do you see yourself in 5 years. Me: I would say my biggest weadness is listening.
Joe is in love with two women. One makes fantastic pancakes and the other writes great poetry. He wants to marry one but can't decide for batter or verse!
Just been to the gym. They've got a new machine in. Only used it for half an hour as I started to feel sick. It's great though. It does everything....Kit Kats, Mars bars, Snickers, Chips, the lot....
Just cost me $1. Yes, one american dollar, to put air in my tires. Used to be 25cents. Suppose that' inflation for you.
Just learned the word for constipation in German....Farfrompoopen.
Just opened my water bill and my electricity bill at the same time...I was shocked.
Just saw a burglar breaking into his own house. I asked him what he was doing and he said "Working from home".
Just saw a real idiot at the gym. He put a water bottle in the Pringle holder on the treadmill.
Just so everybody's clear. I'm going to put my glasses on.
Ladies and gentlemen, wlecome to the 1st annual meeting of the assumption club. I think we all know why we are here.
Lance isn't a common name these days, but in medieval times, people were named Lance a lot.
Last night I dreamed i'd wrote all the Lord of the Rings books...I was Tolkien in my sleep.
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
Last night I ordered a glass of wine with my dinner and the waiter asked for my ID. I replied do I look that young and the waiter said "No. I just wanted to see if you qualified for the Senior citizen discount."
Last night, while my wife was asleep, I decided to write algebraic terms all over her. you should have seen the expression on her face.
Lately my posts have all been going viral. I guess that means I'm now an influenzer.
Leaving my job at the chemical factory. It's a toxic workplace.
Life is like a helicopter...i don't know how to operate a helicopter.
Losing weight doesn't seem to be working for me, so from now on I'm going to concentrate on getting taller.
MATH. The only subject that counts.
Managing your weight around the holidays just required a little planning...for example, I took the batteries out of my scale on Wednesday.
Master, what do you call 5 Sith impaled on a light saber? A sith-kebab.
Me and the wife are taking up carpentry as a hobby, my neighbor said I didn't know you were carpenters, I said "We've only just begun".
Me: I'd say my biggest weakness is listening. (S)
Me: I'm terrified of random letters! Therapist: you are? Me: [scream] Therapist: I see.
Me: It's not about how many times you fall, it's about how many times you get back up. Cop: That's not how field sobriety tests work.
Me: It's not about how many times you fall. It's about how many times you get back up. Office: Yeah, that's not how field sobriety test works..."
My 6-year old daughter has lined up all of her dolls towards the outdoor grill. Looks like she's preparing some kind of barbie queue.
My dad told me to make little things count? So now I'm teaching math to dwarfs.
My Doctor said that he'd like to talk about my weight. I said it was about 25 minutes, but at least the chairs were comfy.
My GPS just told me to run around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
My Tinder bio says that I have a corner office with views of the entire city, drive a $500,000 vehicle, and that I'm paid to travel. My dates are always upset when I tell them I'm a bus driver.
My ability to remember song lyrics from the 80's far exceeds my ability to remember why I walked into the kitchen.
My acupuncturist seemed to take forever to get all of the needles into me. He's such a slow poke.
My band plays at the prison on weekends. We always have a captive audience.
My big raise was in my paycheck today. On my way home I bought a world map which I hung when I got home. I gave my wife a dart and said, "Throw this and wherever it lands we'll go there on vacation". Turns out we're spending two weeks behind the fridge.
My bills ain't even bills anymore. They're grown...I call them Williams.
My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it could be me.
My boss texted me "hey send me one of your funny jokes." I said: "I'm working at the moment, I'll send you one later." He replied: "has that was hilarious. Send me another one."
My car is making a horrible noise. Have you tried removing the Mariah Carey Christmas CD?
My dad once told me that if I put a potato in my swim trunks, I would attract more women...He forgot to tell me to put the potato in the front.
My dad used to say to me 'When one door closes another will open'. He was a brilliant philosopher but a terrible cabinet maker.
My daughter got checolate on her math homework. I'm very concerned. Only 6 years old and she's already fudging numbers.
My doctor has advised me to stop drinking, it's going to be a massive change for me. I've been with that doctor for 15 years.
My doctor just diagnosed me with a severe lack of awareness. That came out of nowhere.
My doctor says I have a narcissistic personality disorder. But that's impossible - as the smartest man alive I would have noticed.
My family told me to stop telling Thanksgiving jokes, but I told them I couldn't quit "cold turkey".
My father made the best bread. I asked him for his secret, but he wouldn't tell me. Said it was on a knead-to-dough basis only.
My favorite childhood memory is building sand castles with my grandfather. Until my mother took the urn from me.
My friend David had his ID stolen...I now call him Dav.
My friend Phillip cut off his lip in a trafic shaving accident. We call him Phil now.
My friend claims he can build a gun using his new 3D printer. But I'm not impressed. I've had a canon printer for years.
My friend has a cool job. She works at a police station doing sketches of suspects....she's a con artist.
My friend rang me and said: "Meet me at the Vinyl Shop in 45". I made it there in 33, which was Record Time.
My fried Rory was recently telling my other friend Alice about the beautiful northern lights and he went on for 5 hours. It was a case of a Rory boring Alice.
My friend says to me, "What rhymes with orange?"And I told him, "No it doesn't!"
My friend's wife left him last week. She said she was going ot for milk and never came back. I asked him how he was coping. He said, "Not bad. I've been using some of that powdered stuff."
My girlfriend asked if I wanted to start doing yoga with her. I said that puts me in an awkward position.
My girlfriend poked me in the eyes....so I stopped seeing her for a while.
My girlfriend told me to stop making camera puns. I told her to stop focusing on the negatives and develop a sense of humor. She left me in a flash!
My girlfriend wants me to choose between her and my career as a reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
My GPS just told me to turn around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
My grand-dad was responsible for 35 downed German planes in WW2. Still to this day holds the record as worst mechanic the Luftwaffe ever had.
My grief counselor died. He was so good I don't even care.
My half brother and I aren't allowed to play with chainsaws any more.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn't cool.
My house is haunted by a chicken; A poultrygeist; A fowl spirit; I plan to call an eggsorcist to help it cross to the other side.
My inflatable house got a puncture yesterday. Now I'm living in a flat.
My kids said they wanted to go to an "escape room" so I locked them in their bedrooms with a rotary phone, analog tv, a remote control and wrote instructions on how to escape in cursive...it has been 3 days 18hrs and 10 seconds since I have seen them.
My mom has forbidden me from making any more breakfast puns. She says if I do, I'm toast. My dad keeps egging me on. He's such a ham.
My mom was a radiologist. She met my dad when he came in for an x-ray. I wonder what she saw in him.
My mouth waters when I smell steak...I wonder if the same happens to vegans when they mow the grass.
My neighbor couldn't afford his water bill so I got him a get well soon card.
My neighbor just got arrested for ruining our community garden. They charged him with disturbing the peas.
My neighbor with huge boobs has been walking around topless all day in the garden. I wish his wife would do the same.
My nephew needs a job Do you have any suggestions? He should apply for the Search & Rescue Team. They're always looking for someone....
My nerdy friend just got a PhD on the history of palindromes. Now we call him Dr. Awkward.
My next door neightbor and I are good friends, so we decided to share our water supply. We got a long well.
My son asked me what procrastinate means. I said: "I'll tell you later."
My son asked me, "Dad, are we pyromaniacs?" I replied: "Yes, we arson."
My son bought a new reversible jacket. I can't wait to see how it turns out.
My son wanted to know what it's like to be married. I asked him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
My son wanted to know what it was like to be a parent. So I woke him at 2am to tell him my sock came off.
My son's fourth birthday was today, but when he came to see me I didn't recognize him at first. I'd never seen him be 4.
My teacher always said not to worry about correct spelling, because we have autocorrect. And for that I am infernally grapefruit.
My teenage son treats me like a god. He acts like I don't exist until he wants something.
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far I've finished two bags of M&Ms and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
My twin brother called me from prison. He said: "You know how we finish each other's sentences?"
My uncle has 2 Dobermans called Rolex and Timex. They are watch dogs.
My uncle is a bus driver that circles Big Ben in London. He works around the clock.
My wallet is like an onion. When I open it, it makes me cry.
My water bed is much bouncier now that I've filled it with spring water.
My wife accused me of stealing her thesaurus. Not only was I shocked, but I was appalled, aghast, and dismayed.
My wife an I just celebrated ten years of happy marriage. It was, coincidentally, our 30th wedding anniversary.
My wife and I watched every Harry Potter movie back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
My wife apologized for the first time ever today. She said she's sorry she ever married me.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store....I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
My wife asked me today if I had seen the dog bowl. I said no, I didn't know he could.
My wife asked me why I was doing the dishes while sitting down. Told her it's because I can't stand doing it.
My wife asked me, "When we go to Egypt, can we go on a camel?". I told her, "Don't be silly. It would take ages to get there."
My wife asked me, "Why don't you treat me like you did when we were first dating!?" So I took her to dinner and a movie...Then dropped her off at her parents' house.
My wife asked, "Did you eat my chocolate eclair in the fridge?". I answered, "no, I ate it in the bedroom."
My wife bet me $1000 I couldn't turn spaghetti into a car. You should have seen her face when I drove pasta!
My wife bought a new wreath today made completly of $100 dollar bills! Yep...it's a Wreath of Franklins!
My wife claims that a man in camoflage is really sexy. I just don't see it.
My wife complains i don't buy her flowers. To be honest, I didn't know she sold flowers.
My wife found out I was cheating on her. She found the letters I was hiding under the sofa cushion. Long story short, she says she will never play scrabble with me again.
My wife gave me an ultimatum. It was her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
My wife gets angry that I keep introducing her as my ex-girlfriend.
My wife has banned  me from making any more breakfast puns. She says if I make any more, I'm toast. But my kids keep egging me on.
My wife has been missing for six days now. Police said to prepare for the worst. So I went to the thrift store to get her clothes back.
My wife has begged me to stop making police related puns. I said, "Ok, I'll give it arrest"
My wife has just phoned me to say that 3 girls in her office have receive flower and they are absolutely gorgeous. I said, "That's probably why."
My wife is kicking me out because she's fed up with my South american animal puns. "OK,", I said, "Alpaca my bags".
My wife is leaving me because I'm beginning to go bald. I don't mind....it's Hair loss.
My wife is pregnant and my doctor asked me if I had ever been present at a childbirth before. I said: "yes, just once." He asked: "What was it like?" I replied: "It was dark, then suddenly very bright."
My wife is threatening to kick me out of the house because of my obsession with acting like a news anchor. More on this after the break.
My wife is threatening to leave me because of my constant celebrity name dropping. Ryan Gosling warned me that might happen.
My wife is threatening to leave me because of my obsession with wearing different clothes every half an hour. I said, "Wait, I can change."
My wife just confessed that she broke my favorite lamp. I don't think I'll be able to look at her in the same light ever again.
My wife just put on her new dress and then told me to zip it. I have no idea what I've done wrong. I didn't say anything!
My wife left a note on the fridge saying, "This isn't working, goodbye". I opened it and it works just fine.
My wife left a note on the fridge: this is not working, I'm going to my mum's house. I opened the fridge door, the light was on , the juice was cold. What the heck did she mean?
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot. But I'm not a fan.
My wife often compares me to Ryan Gosling....She'll say You're nothing like Ryan Gosling."
My wife ordered a bunch of photos from our family vacation to disneyland but they haven't been delivered yet....someday her prints will come.
My wife played soccer in college when we stated dating. We were on the phone after one of her games and she was telling me how many saves she had. As I listened to her beautiful voice, I realized....shw was a keeper.
My wife rang me at the pub and said, "If you're not home in 10 minutes, I'm giving the dinner I cooked you to the dog." I was home in 5 minutes. I'd hate for anything to happen to the dog.
My wife said she's leaving me because of my obsession with tennis - and I'm too old. I said: "I'm only 40 love."
My wife said, "I can think of 14 reasons to leave you, plus your obsession with Tennis. I replied, "That's 15 love"
My wife said: "That's the 4th time you've gone back for dessert! Doesn't it embarrass you?" I said: "No, I keep telling them it's for you."
My wife said to me: "If you won the lottery, would you still love me?" I said: "Of course I would. I'd miss you, but I'd still love you."
My wife says I'm the cheapest man in the world. I'm not buying it.
My wife says she's leaving me because of my obsession with NFL football. It's sad...we've been together for 6 seasons!
My wife says that I wastd money by ordering a 3 meter wide frame for out wedding photo. Well, I think she should ook at the bigger picture.
My wife says to me "see! You never listen to a word I say!" I thought to myself, "what a weird way to start a conversation"
My wife tells me I can be an idiot sometimes...I think it's pretty cool of her to give me permission like that...
My wife thinks it's weird that I stare at the window during a heavy rainstorm. It would be a lot less weird if she'd just let me in.
My wife thought our kids were spoiled but I think most kids smell like that.
My wife threatened to leave me because of my "filthy and disgusting habits". I was so shocked I nearly choked on my toenails.
My wife told me she thought we'd have less arguments if I wasn't so pedantic. I told her: "I think you mean fewer."
My wife told me to stop being an ideot. Just be myself. I told her to make up her mind.
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. I wasn't expecting that on athe postcard she sent from Greece.
My wife upset me earlier. She said I had a face like the back of a boat. I gave her a stern look!
My wife wants me to blow air on her whenever she overheats but honestly...I'm not a fan
My wife warned me not to make off with the kitchen utensils...bit it's a whick I'm willing to take.
My wife won't talk to me - not sure why. She just asked me what the female equivalent of the 'mancave' is. And I told her it's called the kitchen.
My wife yelled at me "are you even listening to me". I said "that's a funny way to start a conversation".
My wife yelled from upstairs and asked: "Do you ever get a shooting pain across your body, like someone's got a voodoo doll of you and they're stabbing it? I replied: "No." She responded: "How about now?"
My wife: You need to do more chores around the house. Me: Chan we change the subject? My wife: Ok. More chores around the house need to be done by you.
Never compliment a woman on her mustache. No matter how impressive it may be.
Never play poker with an origami artist. All they do is fold.
Never realized until today Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starting pistol.
Never trust trees. They're shady!
Never use a GPS when going to a cemetery. Not nice to hear "You've reached your final destination."
Next Monday we start Diarrhea Awareness Week. Runs until Friday.
Next time I need to apologize to my wife I'm doing so using only dots and dashes...re-morse code!
Not all construction work is equally enjoyable. For example, enlarging a drilled hole is boring, but fastening pieces of metal together is riveting.
Not to brag or anything, but I got the high score on my scale today.
OMG, I just found out that Albert Einstein was a real person!! All this time I thought he was a theoretical physicist.
Ok, so naked running! Apparently this means running without GSP, music and any other tech. I wish I knew this an hour ago.
Okay, I came up with a new dating app idea. You match with people who are on the same meds as you. We'll call it "Relationscripts"
Once again I've entered the annual tightest hat competition in our town. This year I'm just hoping...that I can pull it off.
One night a viking named Rudolph the Red was looking out the window when hd said, "It's going to rain." His wife asked, "How do you know?" "Because Rudolph the Red knows rain, dear."
One of my neighbors owns several cats. On a recent visit, she introduced them to me: "That's Astorphe, that's Erpillar, that's Aract, and that Alogue." Where on earth did you get such unusual names? I asked. "oh, those are their last names," she explained. "Their first names are Cat."
One of the ants on my ant farm dresses up as a clown to cheer up his friends. He's an anti-depress ant.
Out of all the inventions in the last 100 years, the dry erase board is probably the most remarkable.
Paddy says to Mick, "I found this pen, is it yours?" Mick replies, "don't know, give it here." He then tries it and says, "yes it is." Paddy asks, "How do you know?" Mick replies, "that's my handwriting."
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Police have confirmed that the man who tragically fell from the roof of an 18th floor Nightclub was not a bouncer.
Posted a photo of my clean house and it was flagged and removed as "Fake News".
Pre-means before. Post-means after. To use both prefixes together....would be preposterous.
Pronouncing words that end in 'ough'. Cough, bough, rough, dough, through, though...
Pulled out a nose hair today to see if it hurt....judging the the reaction of the man asleep next to me on the bus, it seems pretty painful.
Remember, the only thing standing between you and your dreams is your appearance, lack of talent, and general personality.
Ricardo Montalban struggled to find acting roles after "Star Trek 2." Nobody wanted to hire an ex-Khan!
Sad news, my obese parrot died today. Mind you, it's a huge weight off my shoulders.
Sad news...the creator of autocorrect had died. Restaurant in piece.
Scientist have grown human vocal cords in a Petri dish...the results speak for themselves.
Scientists have just discovered a fossilized dinosaur fart. They say it's a blast from the past.
She told me that in a past life, she'd been a stringed intrument in ancient Greece...and I called her a lyre.
Sign at an Optometrist's office: "If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place."
Sister Teresa is known for her high intelligence. She better know as Nun the Wiser!
Slept in my Duran Duran T-shirt. Woke up hungry like the wolf.
So I came home tonight to find out someone had broken into my home. Seemed the only thing taken were lightbulbs. I was delighted...
So I failed my cement mixing exam...it was too hard.
So I was in a shoe shop this morning trying on a shoe, I said to the assistant "It's too tight". She said, "Rty it with the tongue out". I said, "It'th nho ghood, it'th thtill thoo thight".
So I went to the doctors this morning and I said: "I feel like I've got some cutlery stuck in my throat." The doc had a look and said: "It's not serious, you just need to have utensils taken out."
So I'm currently reading a boo called: "Swimming the English Channel"...by Frances Neer.
So I'm currently reading a book called: "Swimming the Engish Channel". by Francis Neer.
So a bossy man walks into a bar. He orders everyone a round.
So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, "Aye E! I owe you!"W
So far, Humpty Dumpty is having a terrible winter. Which sucks because he had a great fall.
So my friend just said to me: "You've put a lot of weight on". I said: "I've had a lot on my plate recently".
So the only two white actors in Black Panther are Martin Freeman, who played Bilbo Baggins, and Andy Serkis, who played Gollum...so I guess that means...they're the Tolkien white guys.
So this morning I was a fella dragging a clam on a leash behind him. I thought it must be hard to walk with a pulled mussel.
So what if I can't spell armageddon? It's not the end of the world.
So what's your idea of a perfect date? DD/MM/YYYY...I find other formats a bit confusing.
Some of my friends exercise every day, meanwhile i'm watching a show I don't like because the remote fell on the floor.
Some people age like a fine wine., I age like milk...I get sour and chunky.
Some people say it's impossible to make a pun about vegetables, but that isn't nececelery so.
Some trees are committed to one romantic relationship at a time. They practice mahagony.
Somebody just threw a jar of mayonnaise at me. I was like: "What the Hellman!"
Somebody should market a beer called "Occasionally". So when asked, I can say, "I only drink occasionally".
Somebody said my dad's gay. Now I'm now trying to work out which one.
Someimes I wake up grumpy. But other times I let her sleep in!
Someone asked me to name two structures that hold water. I was like, well damn.
Someone just called my phone, sneezed and then hung up. I'm getting sick and tired of these cold calls.
Someone stole my coffee cup. Now I have to go down to the police station and look at mugshots.
Someone told me it takes 5sheep to make 1 sweater. I didn't even know they could crochet!
Someone tried to sell me a coffin today. I said that's the last thing I need.
Son: "I can't sleep, I think the boughi man's under the bed" Me: "Don't you mean the boogeyman?" Voice from under the bed: "wow the thread count on these sheets is PATHETIC"
Son: I watched a guy do 50 pushups. Can you do that dad? Dad: Of course! Not to brag but I could probably watch someone do 100 push-ups.
Spring is here I'm so excited I wet my plants.
Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging.
Tablets were replced by scrolls, scrolls were replaced by books. Now we scroll through books on tablets.
Teacher: "Whoever answers my next question can go home." One boy at the back of the class throws his bag out the window. Teacher: "Who just threw that?" "Me,", replied the boy, "and I'm going hone."
Technically all the money you spent on food is flushed down a toilet.
Teslas do not have that "new car" smell...They have an Elon Musk.
Thanks for teaching me the meaning of "Plethora"...it means a lot
The Beastie Boys are releasing a five - part anthology. Parts A thru D are free. You have to fidnt for your right to Part E.
The Egyptians claim there are no crocodiles in their country. I think they're in de Nile.
The Swordfish has no natural predators to be afraid of...except for the Penfish, which is supposed to be even mightier.
The adjective for metal is metallic. But not so for iron...which is ironic.
The bad news is, I dropped my cactus today. The worse news is that I caught it.
The boat used as the S.S. Minnow in Gilligan's Island, was a 1960 Wheeler Express with a cruising speed of 12 knots. Which means that they couldn't have saild more than 41.5 miles. I'm starting to doubt if the show was even real.
The checker at the grocery store asked me if I wanted my milk in a bag. I told her to leave it in the carton.
The fact that Head and Shoulders hasn't come out with a body wash called Knees and Toes bothers me.
The fact that Kansas and Arkansas are pronounced differenty bothers me way more that it should.
The hardest part of joining Hypochondriacs' Anonymous....is admitting that you don't have a problem.
The instructor in my self defence class said that the most effective place to kick a man is near his knees. Personally, I think it's nuts.
The inventor of the ballet dress couldn't come up with a clever name, eventually he put tu and tu together...
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
The man who invented the automatic tennis serving machine is celebrating his birthday. Many happy returns!
The man who invented throat lozenges died last week. There was no coffin at the funeral.
The most dangerous kind of canoes are volcanoes.
The most important parts of the Superbowl are the commercials and the food. I really don't care who makes the most baskets.
The next Start Wars movie will introduce Darth Vader's annoying brother: Aggra Vader...
The oldest computer can be traced back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with a limited memory. Just one byte and then everything crashed.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. It was a nice jester.
The other day, at a thrift store, I bought an old record album called "Sounds Wasps Make". When I got it home and played it, I said to myself, "This doesn't sound anything like wasp sounds." Then I realized, I was playing the Bee side.
The re-opening of LEGO stores was a big event in 2020. People were lined up for blocks.
The reason that aliens have never visited us is because our solar system has received terrible reviews....we only have one star.
The waither saw my glass was empty and asked if I would like another? Why whould I want two empty glasses?
The word 'queue' is just a Q followed by four silent letters.
The work on Big Ben is meant to take 3 years...that's along time considering they're working around the clock.
Them: How many push-ups can you do? Me: If they're the orange flavor I know for a fact I can do 7 of them in one sitting.
Therapist: "I think you have a phobia of marriage. Do you know what the symptioms are?" Me: "Can't say I do." Therapist: "That's one of them!"
Therapist: So what brings the two of you her today? My wife: It's impossible to live with him. He's too literal. Me: My truck.
There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarinces in the sky.
There are two kinks of countries. Those who use the metric system, and those who have landed on the moon.
There is no such thing as vampires...unless you Count Dracula.
There's a rumor going around about butter...but I refuse to spread it.
There's so many scams on the internet. Send me $19.95 to learn how to avoid them.
They say, 'Nothing is impossible.'. I disagree. I'm doing nothing right now...it's totally possible.
They should announce a sequel to Groundhog day...and then just re-release the original.
Thieves have stolen 20 crates of Red Bull from my local supermarket. I don't know how these people sleep at night.
Think: It's what you do when you can't thwim.
This guy sat next to me, pulled out a photo of his wife and said, "She's beautiful, isn't she?". I said, "If you think she's beautiful, you should see my wife, buddy." He said, "Why? Is she a stunner?". I said, "No, she's an optometrist!!"
This morning I saw a neighbor talking to her cat, it was obvious that she thought her cat understood her....I came to my house, I told my dog...we laughed a lot.
Three Conspiracy Theorists Walk into a bar...don't tell me that's not a coincidence
Three mem were on a boat. They had four cigarettes, but nothing to light them with. So they threw a cigarette overboard and the the whole boat became a cigarette lighter.
Thursdays are very depressing. But if you think Thursdays are bad, just wait 2 more days. It will be a....sadder day!
Time flies when you throw a clock. Unless you eat the clock...that's time consuming.
To err is human, to forgive is divine, to moo is bovine, to belat is ovine, to oink is porcine, to howl is lupine, to bark is canine, to purr is feline. This list is asinine.
To everyone out there suffering from paranoia. Just remember, you're not alone.
To fix a broken jack-o-lantern, use a pumpkin patch.
To get an annoying song out of your head, just pretend that you're riding a horse like a Rhinestone Cowboy!
To prove he was right, the "flat earther" walked to the end of the Earth. He eventually came around.
To the guy who invented zero...Thanks for nothing.
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I'm after you now.
Today I asked a hot girl at the gym what her new year's resolution was. She replied "" So I'm pretty excited for the year!
Today I learned that if you flip a canoe over, you can wear it as a hat. Because it is cap-sized.
Today I learned you can use disposable masks to brew espresso. That's because they're coughy filters.
Today I showed up late for work. The boss yelled, "You should've been here at 8:30!". I replied, "Why? What happened at 8:30?"
Today I stopped at this roadside stand that said lobster tails $2. So I paid my $2 and the guy said, "Once upon a time there was this lobster..."
Today's housekeeping tip: "Always keep several get well cards on the mantel. That way, if unexpected guests arrive, they'll think you've been sick and unable to clean."
Today, I learned that if you flip a canoe over you can wear it as a hat. Because it is cap-sized.
Today, I saw someone waving and I wasn't sure whether they were waving at me or someone behind me. In other news, I was fired from my lifeguard job.
Today's Math Problem: If George is 68 and his girlfriend is 22, how much money does George have?
Told my wife I wanted to be cremated. She made me an appointment for Thursday.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire in the craft. Unsurprisingly it sand, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
Two cowboys are lost in the desert. One cowboy sees a tree that's draped in bacon. "A bacon tree! We're saved!" He says. He runs to the tree and is shot up with bullets.....It wasn't a bacon tree, it was a ham bush.
Two fish swim into a concrete wall. The one turns to the other ran says "Dam!"
Two guys are playing chess. One says to the other, "How about we make this more interesting?". So they stop playing chess.
Two scientists walk into a bar. The first one says "I'll have some H2O." The second one says, "I';; jave some H2O too." And then he dies.
Two years ago my doctor told me I was going deaf. I haven't heard from him since.
U-Haul has the worst drivers of any company.
When I get a headache, I take two aspirin and keep away from children, just like the bottle says.
Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud. Yes sir, It's fresh ground.
Waiter: How do you like your steak, sir? Sir: Like winning an argument with my wife. Waiter: rare it is!
Want to build an ark? I Noah guy.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it!
We nearly froze to death one February night - because I bought cheap camping gear. It was the winter of our discount tent.
We started a band and called it "Books". So no one can judge us by our covers.
Well, I got fired from the keyboard factory. My boss sid I wasn't putting in enough Shifts. That's when I completely lost CTRL.
Went to my local supermarket and asked one of the assistants where the fresh meat counter was, she said, "we don't employ anyone to count fresh meat."
Were you named after your father? Well, I obviously wasn't named before he was.
What are scientists favorite dog breed? Labs.
What are the two steps to marrying a country girl? First; a tractor. Next, fertilizer.
What boees produce milk? Boo bees.
What did Mike Tyson say after working out with Chris Hemsworth? You're gonna be Thor in the morning.
What did Spartacus say when the lion ate his wife. Nothing, he was gladiator.
What did one frog say to the other frog? "Time's fun when you're having flies!"
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet in the corner.
What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? Thanks - I'll never part with it!
What did the blanket say as it fel off the bed? Oh sheet!
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift.
What did the carpenter say when he finished building his house? Nailed it.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that tiny thing?
What did they yell at Edgar Allen Poe when he nearly walked into a tree. Poetry?
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
What do you cal Bears with no ears? B
What do you call 2 monkeys who share an amazon account? Prime Mates!
What do you call James Bond in a bathtub? Bubble 07.
What do you call a French guy being mauled by a lion? Claude.
What do you call a bankrupt Santa? Saint Nickel-less.
What do you call a bunch of singing killer whales? An Orcapella group.
What do you call a deceased Finnish man? Finnished.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
What do you call a guy pouring water into a glass? Phil.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A yamahahahaha.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
What do you call a Magician who's lost his magic? Ian.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
What do you call a zombie who doesn't joke around? Dead serious.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
What do you call an underwater dog? A subwoofer.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese
What do you call it when chewbacca messes something up? A wookie mistake.
What does Charles Dickens keep in his spice rack? The best of thymes, the worst of thymes.
What do you get if you cross a cocker spaniel, a poodle, and a rooster? A cocker poodle doo.
What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a rose? A collie flower.
What do you get when the sunrise bends over? The crack of dawn.
What do you give a cannibal who's late to dinner? The cold shoulder.
What do pigs learn in the army? Ham to ham combat.
What do you think of my singing? I think you should sing tenor. Really? Tenor eleven miles away.
What does a clock do when it's still hungry? It goes back for seconds.
What does a tapeworm have in common with the Eiffel tower? They're both Paris sites.
What does the farmer say to the cows at night? It's pasture bedtime.
What happended to the turkey that got in a fight? "He got the stuffing knocked out of him!"
What happened to the dog who let her puppies out onto the street? She got fined for littering.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
What happens when you cross an angry sheep, and an angry cow? You get two animals in a baaaad mooood.
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
What happens when you rearrange two of the letters in the word "nuclear"? It's unclear.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What is a geologist's favorite music genre? rock.
What is a police officer's favorite sweater? A pullover.
What is the difference between a cat and God? God doesn't think He's a cat.
What is the difference between Iron man and Iron Woman? One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.
What is the opposite of a croissant. A Happy Uncle.
What is the worst insult you can say to a ghost? "Get a life!"
What kind of drug should dinosaurs never take? A steroid.
What kind of music do baloons like? Pop music.
What part of the body always loses? Defeat.
What should you do if you are addicted to sea weed? Sea kelp.
What sits at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What smells the best at a Thanksgiving dinner? Your nose.
What sound does a cow make when it runs out of milk?  None. There is udder silence.
What starts with a W and ends with a T. It really does, I swear.
What type of sandals do frogs wear? Open toad.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short.
What would you get if a dinosaur kicked you in the backside? A mega-sore-ass.
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
What's a forklift? Food, usually.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
What's green, fuzzy, has 4 legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? A pool table.
What's special about Edam cheese? It's made backwards.
What's the best place in the house to hide from ghosts? The living room.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo. One is heavy and the other is a little lighter.
What's the German word for bra? Stoppenfrumfloppen.
What's the longest word in the English language? Smiles. The first and last letters are a mile apart.
Whats the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el.
Whay to you call a bee that comes from America? USB
When I found out I was holding the taser the wrong way around, I was stunned...
When I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof....I was shocked.
When I get in to work I immediately hide. Good employees are hard to find!
When I was a kid, I wanted to play the guitar really badly. And after years of hard work, practice, and dedication, I can now play the guitar really badly.
When I was a kid, bedtime was 9 PM. I couldn't wait to be a grownup so I could go to bed anytime I wanted. Turns out that is 9 PM.
When I was a kid, you could go to the store with just a dollar and leave with two candy bars, a bag of chips and a sode. You can't do that anymore. There are cameras everywhere.
When I was little, I didn't care about things like what to wear. My parents dressed me. Looking back at some of my old pictures, it's obvious that my parents didn't care either.
When I was little, my parents always fed me alphabet soup, claiming that I like it, but they were just...putting words in my mouth.
When I was yound I couldn't decide if I wanted to be a hairdresser or write short stories. So I flipped a coin...heads or tales!
When a kid says 'daddy, I want mommy" that's the kid version of "I'd like to speak to your supervisor"
When asked what people could expect to see in the night sky this year, the astronomer answered, "no comet"!
When driving by the prison the other day, I saw a dwarf climbing down the prison wall - and I thought, isn't that a litle condescending!
When filling out a job application, I saw they had a section for "previous life experience", so I wrote down that I was a Pharaoh in 2300 B.C.
When my great-granddad went bald, he built a machine to weave himself a wig out of yarn. He then gave it to my granddad, who then gave it to my dad - and one day, it will be mine. It's our family hair loom...
When people are sad, I let them color in my tattoos. Sometimes all they need is a shoulder to crayon.
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, "No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton!"
When we make pizza at home it's my wife's job to shred the cheese. She's the gratist!
When you buy a bigger bed, you have more bed room, but less bedroom
When you die, what is the last part of your body to stop working? Your pupils. They dilate.
When you teach a wolf to meditate it becomes...aware wolf.
When you're waiting for the waiter...you become the waiter.
When your honey comes home in a white suit, covered in bee stings and smelling like honey...you know she's a keeper.
Whenever I am with my family and someone says, "Wow, you have a beautiful family!", I reply, "Well, we left the ugly ones at home."
Whenever I try to eat healthy a chocolate bar looks at me and snickers!
Where did Gotye go? In 2012 he was huge but it seems like now he's just somebody that we used to know.
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Where do bad rainbows go? Prism, but its a light sentence.
Where do you find a turkey with no legs? Exactly where you left it.
Where do you go to learn how to make ice cream? Sundae School.
Which celebrity is always ready for cereal? Reese. With her spoon.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
Which weighs more, a gollon of water, or a gallon of butane? (They would both weigh one gallon...wrong). Water...butane is a....lighter fluid!
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why are tomatoes red? They're embarrassed because they saw the salad dressing.
Why did the art theif's van run out of gas as he drove away from the museum? Because he had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh.
Why did the crab cross the road? It didn't - it used the sidewalk.
Why did the dad joke cross the road? To get to the other sigh.
Why did the magazine company go out of business? Too many issues.
Why did the math textbook visit the guidance counselor? It needed help figuring out its problems.
Why didn't the lifeguard rescue the hippy? Because he was too far out man!
Why do actors say "Break a leg?" They all want to be in a cast.
Why do astronauts use linux? Because you can't open windows in space.
Why do elephants get kicked out of the pool? Because they drop their trunks.
Why do fish sing off key? Because you can't tuna fish.
Why do flamingos stand on one leg? If they pulled up the other leg they'd fall.
Why do people come back from a baby changing station with the same baby?
Why do people say they're having a tuna-fish sandwich? No one ever says they're having a chicken-bird sandwich.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it!
Why does fridge have a 'D' in it, but refrigerator doesn't?
Why doesn't the sun go to college? Because it has a million degrees.
Why is England the wettest country? Because so many kings and queens have been reigning there.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands!
Why is a 'W' called 'Double-U' when it is clearly a 'Double-V'?
Why is everyone at the gym asking me why I'm sitting still on the stationary bike? I'm going downhill, dude, mind your business.
Why is it cheaper to throw a party in a haunted house? Because the ghosts will bring the boos.
Why isn't holy water used in vaccinces? Because you can't take the Lord's name in vein.
Why was Cinderella so bad a soccer. She ran away from the ball. It wasn't her fault, her coach was a pumpkin.
Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
Why was the police officer upset when hs kids wouldn't go to bed? They were resisting arrest.
Why would a pig dressed in black never get bullied? Because Batman has sworn to protect goth ham.
Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Woman divorces husband over his obsession with pasta. He told the daily paper: 'She won't get a penne out of me'.
Women's magazine: Page 9: How to lose weight fast. Page 10: You're beautiful the way you are. Page 11: Cake recipe.
Women's magazines be like: Page 14: You're beautiful the way you are. Page 15: How to lose weight fast. Page 16: Cake recipe.
Worked at a factory that was famous for making giant pastries. One day they fired everyone, and brought in new workers. Yes, there was an enormous turnover...
Working at an unemployment office has to be a tense job...knowing if you get fired, you still have to come in the next day.
Wrestling: s aport where people without pants fight for a belt.
Yesterday I ate a clock, it was very time consuming. Especially when I went back for seconds.
Yesterday I read an article about the dangers of drinking too much...It scared the heck out of me, so today I've decided never to read it again.
Yesterday one of my good friends told me I often make people uncomfortable by violating their personal space. It was a really hurtful thing to say and completely ruined our bath.
You can drink a drink but you can't food a food.
You can tell a lot about a woman by her hands. For instance, if they are around your throat, She's probably slightly upset.
You know what really makes me throw up? A dartboard on a ceiling.
You know what the first rule of passive-aggressive club is? You know what, never mind. Forget it.
You really should try archery while blindfolded. You don't know what you're missing.
You're living, you occupy space, and you have mass. You know what that means? You matter!
Your fingers have fingertips but your toes don't have toetips, yet you can tiptoe but not tipfinger.
Your veterinarian won't tell you this but if your dog is running a fever, go to the store and get some mustard. It's the best thing for a hot dog.
