=============================================================================
Not For Lexi as she gave them to me:

How did the papa bear open his birthday present? with his BEAR hands.
What music do balloons fear? Pop music.
Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock. It was a Marble cake.
How do pickles celebrate their birthdays? they relish them!

==============================================================================

Not for Siblings as they sent them:

no-bell prize
goodyears

===============================================================================

Holiday:

What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What happened when the snowgirl broke up with the snowboy? She gave him the cold shoulder.
How does a snowman lose weight? He waits for the weather to get warmer.
Why did the snowman turn yellow? Ask the little boy over there.
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost? Because Frost bites.
Why don't you ever see Santa in a hospital? Because he has private elf care.
Why is Santa afraid of getting stuck in a chimney? He has Claus-trophobia.
How can you tell that Santa is real? You can always sense his presents.
Why will Santa go down your chimney on Christmas Eve? because it soots him.
What does Santa spend his hard-earned salary on? Jingle bills.
What goes "Oh Oh Oh"? Santa walking backwards.
What do you call a bunch of chess players bragging about their games in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What happended to the man who stole an Advent Calendar? He got 25 days.
What's the most popular Christmas wine? "But I don't like Brussels sprouts!
How does Christmas Day end? With the letter Y!
My friend just won the tallest Christmas tree competition. I thought to myself, "How can you top that?"
A gingerbread man went to the doctor's complaining of a sore knee. The doctor asked him, "Have you tried icing it?"
What's the Grinch's least favorite band? The Who.
Why does Drake love giving gifts? He's really good at wrapping!
What did the gingerbread man put on his bed? A cookie sheet.
What did Adam say the day before Christmas? "It's Christmas, Eve!"
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes
Where does Santa cash his checks? At the snow bank.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? Does it smell like carrots?
Who delivers Christmas presents to cats and dogs? Santa Paws.
What falls at the North Pole but never gets hurt? Snow!
Where do elves go to vote? The north poll.
What did Santa and his wife do when they wantd to split up but couldn't find a divorce lawyer in the North Pole? They got a semicolon instead. They're great for separating independent Clauses.
Why did Santa go to college for music? So he could improve his wrapping skills!
Prosthetic leg for sale. Would make excellent Christmas stocking filler.
I once pulled a muscle as I was digging for gold. It was just a niner injury.
Did you hear about the shoelace that got coal for Christmas? He was on the "knotty" list.
Why was Santa's little helper depressed? He had low elf-esteem.
Banks need to get better at restocking these ATM's at Christmas...This is the 5th one I've been to that has "Insufficient Funds"
My wife said to me that if I got her another stupid gift this Christmas, she would burn it...So I bought her a candle.
What do you call Santa without a GPS? A lost Claus...
I do not know who 'Holly' is, but the desire of her enemies to deck the halls with her bowels indicates that she must be a fierce warrior, indeed.
Hallmark Researchers say they are close to developing a Second Movie plot.


Just found the worst page in the entire dictionary. What I saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest, and disingenuous.
I don't get why students are being asked to study math until they're 18. I stopped studying at 16 and don't see what difference an extra 3 years would make.
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year. But then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
C, E-flat, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, but we do not serve minors".
The boat used as the S.S. Minnow in Gilligan's Island, was a 1960 Wheeler Express with a cruising speed of 12 knots. Which means that they couldn't have saild more than 41.5 miles. I'm starting to doubt if the show was even real.
Slept in my Duran Duran T-shirt. Woke up hungry like the wolf.
If you don't clean your mirror. It will reflect badly on you.
The fact that Kansas and Arkansas are pronounced differenty bothers me way more that it should.
Is the 'S' or 'C' in scent silent?
Why does fridge have a 'D' in it, but refrigerator doesn't?
Why are Zoey and Zoe pronouced the same but Joey and Joe aren't?
You can drind a drink but you can't food a food.
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish, he'll waste hundreds of dollars on equipment he'll only use a few times a year.
So far, Humpty Dumpty is having a terrible winter. Which sucks because he had a great fall.
I've just bought a Humpty Dumpty toy from Aldi, it's brilliant, it comes with Aldi Kings horses and Aldi Kings men.
I had to quit my job in construction because I wasn't big enough or strong enough. I had to vie them a too weak notice!
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night...Oof!
An emergency call: "Come quick, my firend was bitten by a wolf!" Operator: "Where?" Caller: "No a regular one1"
I got pulled over by a lady cop who asked me to get out of my car. She said, "you're staggering!" I said, "you're not so bad yourself"
I asked my wife how to turn Alexa off. She said: "How about walking through the room naked?"
Biscuits and gravy is weird because it's like "Here's some really wet flour poured over some really dry flour."
When I was little, my parents always fed me alphabet soup, claiming that I like it, but they were just...putting words in my mouth.
Davy Crockett had 3 ears. A left, a fight, and his wild frontier...
I finally managed to convince my wife to watch Back to the Future. It's....about time!
I asked my Chinese friend what it's like to live in China. He says he can't complain.
I'm on a plane and the lunch choices are: white meat chicken or German saugage. Unfortunately, I'm seated in the last row. I'm hoping for the breast, but preparing for the wurst.
"Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent."
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island."
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, "How long have you suffered from that condition?" The guy tells him, "Since next Monday."
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint!
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it!
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
I'm starting a new dating service in Prague. It's called Czech-Mate.
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it!
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands!
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
My friend says to me, "What rhymes with orange?"And I told him, "No it doesn't!"
So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, "Aye E! I owe you!"W
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, "No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton!"
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism!
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn't cool.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady!
Where do you go to learn how to make ice cream? Sundae School.
What happended to the turkey that got in a fight? "He got the stuffing knocked out of him!"
Where do you find a turkey with no legs? Exactly where you left it.
Someimes I wake up grumpy. But other times I let her sleep in!
What are scientists favorite dog breed? Labs.
What smells the best at a Thanksgiving dinner? Your nose.
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
What do you call a bankrupt Santa? Saint Nickel-less.
What’s the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el.
Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo. One is heavy and the other is a little lighter.
My wife just put on her new dress and then told me to zip it. I have no idea what I've done wrong. I didn't say anything!
What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud. Yes sir, It's fresh ground.
I'm gonna go take a hot shower. It's like a normal shower, but with me in it.
I shark could swim faster than me, but I could probably run faster than a shark. So in a triatlon, it would all come down to who is the better cyclist.
My mom has forbidden me from making any more breakfast puns. She says if I do, I'm toast. My dad keeps egging me on. He's such a ham.
My next dorr neightbor and I are good friends, so we decided to share our water suppy. We got a long well.
Working at an unemployment office has to be a tense job...knowing if you get fired, you still have to come in the next day.
I'm starting to do lunges. It's a big step forward.
Me: It's not about how many times you fall, it's about how many times you get back up. Cop: That's not how field sobriety tests work.
"May you live as long as you want and not want for as long as you live." That's an Irish toast. "Cinnamon, eggs, bread, and maple syrup." That's a French toast.
Lance isn't a common name these days, but in medieval times, people were named Lance a lot.
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot. But I'm not a fan.
My wife bet em $1000 I couldn't turn spaghetti into a car. You should have seen her face when I drove pasta!
Which celebrity is always ready for cerial? Reese. With her spoon.
Teslas do not have that "new car" smell...They have an Elon Musk.
I asked the waitress for a quickie and she slapped me. Aparently it's pronunced "quiche".
Therapist: "I think you have a phobia of marriage. Do you know what the symptioms are?" Me: "Can't say I do." Therapist: "That's one of them!"
It's okay if you have no idea what "prefix" means. It's not the end of the word.
Why is everyone at the gym asking me why I'm sitting still on the stationary bike? I'm going downhill, dude, mind your business.
Okay, I came up with a new dating app idea. You match with people who are on the same meds as you. We'll call it "Relationscripts"
Carpenter ants are just like regular ants except rainy days and Mondays always get them down.
Bit upset today. I've lost my Atlas. It meant the world to me...
If at first you don't succeed...try doing it the way your wife told you...
My grief counselor dies. He was so good I don't even care.
In the 17th century people were so baroque. They were luting in the streets.
Today I asked a hot girl at the gym what her new year's reolution was. She replied "" So I'm pretty excited for the year!
My car is making a horrible noise. Have you tried removing the Mariah Carey Christmas CD?
I wasn't able to make reservations at the library. They're...completely booked.
Not all construction work is equally enjoyable. For example, enlarging a drilled hole is boring, but fastening pieces of metal together is riveting.
How many time do you have to tickle an octopus to make it laugh? Ten-tickles. Of course it only has 8 of those. So the first two were test-tickles.
What do you call a French guy being mauled by a lion? Claude.
I just saved over $25,000 on a new car battery. because my car runs on gas.
Whenever I am with my family and someone says, "Wow, you have a beautiful family!", I reply, "Well, we left the ugly ones at home."
A mean kid at school asked me if I was a nerd. I said I preferred the term "Smarter than you".
So what if I can't spell armageddon? It's not the end of the world.
I accidentally took my cats meds last night..Don't ask meow!
Never kiss your honey when their nose is runny. You may thinks it's funny. But it snot.
A fireman walked into the Hardware store today holding a screwdriver above his head. He yelled with a loud, serious vice. Ladies & Gentleman, this is not a Drill.
There's so many scams on the internet. Send me $19.95 to learn how to avoid them.
What did the full glass of water say to the empty glass of water? You look drunk.
To prove he was right, the "flat earther" walked to the end of the Earth. He eventually came around.
Someone just called my phone, sneezed and then hung up. I'm getting sick and tired of these cold calls.
And then there was the time Fruit of the Loom took Hanes to court. It was a brief case.
Wanted: Someone to brush their teeth with me because 9/10 dentists say brushing alone won't help tooth decay. No weirdos.
I won $3 million and donated a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
My uncle is a bus driver that circles Bug Ben in London. He works around the clock.
A woman asked me if men still open car doors? How do you think we get inside.
You're living, you occupy space, and you have mass. You know what that means? You matter!
Hope Facebook doesn't go down again. I spent last night knocking on neighbors doors to show them my dinner.
Don't bursh your teen with your left hand. Because a toothbrush works a lot better.
Never compliment a woman on her mustache. No matter how impressive it may be.
I told my wife: There's only one thing that scares me during Halloween...My wife: "Which is?"  Me: "Exactly"
The cashier told me "Strip down facing me". By the time I realized they meant the debit card, it was too late.
Posted a photo of my clean house and it was flagged and removed as "Fake News".
My doctor just diagnosed me with a severe lack of awareness. That came out of nowhere.
My wife blocked me on Facebook because I post too many bird puns. Well, toucan play at that game.
My neighbor with huge boobs has been walking around topless all day in the garden. I wish his wife would do the same.
Jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I gues they don't appreciate random people oming up to their door.
Don't throw sodium chloride at people. That's a salt.
As I get older and remember all the people I've lost along the way, I think to myself...Maybe a career as a Tour Guide wasn't for me!
I saw a pigeon open its mouth without making a sound and realized I'd just witnessed a failed coo attempt.
My nephew needs a job Do you have any suggestions? He should apply for the Search & Rescue Team. They're always looking for someone....
I overdosed on viagra the other day. It was the hardest day of my life.
If you're buying smart water for $4 a bottle...it's not working.
I'm always surprised when heavily tattooed couples have a baby and it comes out blank.
An old Japanese gardener asked me what I knew about bonsai trees. I said..."Very little."
My family told me to stop telling Thanksgiving jokes, but I told them I couldn't quit "cold turkey".
I made Thanksgiving puns all night and was on a roll but now I yam so tired I cranberry stay awake.
Hello Animal Control? I found a suitcase with a mother possum and 2 babies inside. Animal Control: That's odd. Can you tell if they're moving? Me: Honestly I'm not sure, but it would explain the suitcase.
To fix a broken jack-o-lantern, use a pumpkin patch.
Women's magazine: Page 9: How to lose weight fast. Page 10: You're beautiful the way you are. Page 11: Cake recipe.
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
My GPS just told me to run around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
I think I'm losing my mind! That's because you've given me a piece of it every day since we got married.
My son bought a new reversible jacket. I can't wait to see how it turns out.
I just got a call from my son's school. The principal told me that he's been acting up in class. My response was, "he act's up at home all the time but I don't call you, do I?
My inflatable house got a puncture yesterday. Now I'm living in a flat.
If I could say one good thing about my wife's cooking, she sure broke that dog from begging at the table.
When I was a kid, bedtime was 9pm. I couldn't wait to be a grownup so I could go to bed anytime I wanted...turns out that is 9pm.
My wife says she's leaving me because of my obsession with NFL football. It's sad...we've been together for 6 seasons!
I had a relative that, when she passed by a TV or radio, got better reception! Her name was Aunt Anna!
I was out having lunch with an old frind. I pointed to two older gentlemen sitting on the other side of the dining room and said, "That'll be us someday." My friend said, "That's a mirror!"
When driving by the prison the other day, I saw a dwarf climbing down the prison wall - and I thought, isn't that a litle condescending!
Did you hear about the dwarf psychic who escaped from prison. The headline read "Small Medium at Large".
My wife is kicking me out because she's fed up with my South american animal puns. "OK,", I said, "Alpaca my bags".
Her: "Why do we need walkie-talkies? Our relationship is over." Me: "Our relationship is what? Over."
Today, I learned that if yo uflip a conoe over you can wear it as a hat. Because it is cap-sized.
I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the largest vowel movement ever.
Pre-means before. Post-means after. To use both prefises together....would be preposterous.
I'm not aging life fine wine, I'm aging like milk - getting sour and chunky.
What did one frag say to the other frog? "Time's fun when you're having flies!"
Sister Teresa is known for her high intelligence. She better know as Nun the Wiser!
Joe is in love with two women. One makes fantastic pancakes and the other writes great poetry. He wants to marry one but can't decide for batter or verse!
Cop: "Why is there a crocodile buckled in your passenger seat!?" Me: (offended) "Steve isn't a crocodile! He's my Navi-Gator...I'd be lost without him!"
My friend David had his ID stolen...I now call him Dav.
I'm starting up a new restaurant that serves curry poured over french fries. It's called "Curry on my wayward spud.' And yes...there'll be peas when you are done.
What is the worst insult you can say to a ghost? "Get a life!"
I have a friend who writes songs about sewing machines. She's a singer songwriter, or sew it seams.
Why did the art theif's van run out of gas as he drove away from the museum? Because he had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh.
My girlfriend asked if I wanted to start doing yoga with her. I said that puts me in an awkward position.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that tiny thing?
My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall...but it was his own dumb asphalt.
Just been to the gym. They've got a new machine in. Only used it for half an hour as I started to feel sick. It's great though. It does everything....Kit Kats, Mars bars, Snickers, Chips, the lot....
What do you give a cannibal who's late to dinner? The cold shoulder.

Lesser Known Knights of the Round Table:
What do you call the knight:
  who was afraid to fight: Sir Render
  no one believed: Sir Real
  too big to sit at the table: Sir Round
  who designed the table: Sir Cumference
  undercover knight: Sir Veillance
  who was never killed in battle: Sir Vivor
  who exceeded expectations: Sir Passed
  who showed up unexpectedly: Sir Prize
  who overcame obstacles: Sir Mount
  who funded the kingdom: Sir Tax
  who kept the maps up-to-date: Sir Veyor
  who drank too much: Sir Rhosis
  who stood in for the king: Sir Rogate
  who stood out among the rest: Sir Perp
  with the fragile ego: Sir Amic
  who performed in three rings: Sir Cus
  the sddest knight of all: Sir Rowful
  who wasn't needed: Sir Perfluous
  who liked to dance: Sir Prance Alot
  
My Friends so dumb...
  She shinks she can't listen to her AM radio at night.
  She thinks Taco Bell is the Mexican phone company.
  She heard that 80% of accidents happen at home, so she moved.
  When she missed bus 44, she took bus 22 twice.
  She tried to put the M&Ms in alphabetical order.
  At the bottom of her job application where it says "Sign Here" she wrote "Virgo".
  She told her friend to meet her at the corner of WALK and DON'T WALK.
  She thinks that TGIF on her t-shirt stands for "This Goes in Front."

I gonna start a site for root veggies called Utubers.
I just realized that the word "seven" has "even" in it. That's odd!
My doctor has advised me to stop drinking, it's going to be a massive change for me. I've been with that doctor for 15 years.
I've entered the snapdragon part of my life. Part of me has snapped and the other part is dragging!
One night a viking named Rudolph the Red was looking out the window when hd said, "It's going to rain." His wife asked, "How do you know?" "Because Rudolph the Red knows rain, dear."
Women's magazines be like: Page 14: You're beautiful the way you are. Page 15: How to lose weight fast. Page 16: Cake recipe.
Not to brag or anything, but I got the high score on my scale today.
I have an irrational fear of overly engineered buildings. I have a complex complex complex.
I keep all my dad jokes in a dad-a-base!
I ate a kids meal at McDonalds this morning. His mom was furious!
A snake that counts is an adder.
The waither saw my glass was empty and asked if I would like another? Why whould I want two empty glasses?
I can't hear out of my right ear. Are you sure? Yes, I'm definite..
I've gotten really good at ruining family photos...i can do it with my eyes closed.
I was a table for free but decided not to take it. It was a round table, so I couldn't use it during the day. Round tables are for knights.
I can't believe I was arrested for impersonting a politician. I was just sitting there doing nothing.
The fact that Head and Shoulders hasn't come out with a body wash called Knees and Toes bothers me.
Ok, so naked running! Apparently this means running without GSP, music and any other tech. I wish I knew this an hour ago.
My girlfriend told me to stop making camera puns. I told her to stop focusing on the negatives and develop a sense of humor. She left me in a flash!
I don't know about my new doctor...I told him I was suffering from joint pain and he told me to stop putting the lit end in my mouth.
Me and the wife are taking up carpentry as a hobby, my neighbor said I didn't know you were carpenters, I said "We've only just begun".
Know where cow farts come from? The dairy air.
My house is haunted by a chicken; A poultrygeist; A fowl spirit; I plan to call an eggsorcist to help it cross to the other side.
My ex-girlfriend just told me she wants us to get back together again. Man, I sure am Lucky! I mean, first I win the lottery and now this!
Had to buy a new pair of scissors for the kids' arts and crafts...the old ones just weren't cutting it.
Whay to you call a bee that comes from America? USB
Next time I need to apologize to my wife I'm doing so using only dots and dashes...re-morse code!
What's green, fuzzy, has 4 legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? A pool table.
MATH. The only subject that counts.
What did they yell at Edgar Allen Poe when he nearly walked into a tree. Poetry?
When I was a kid, I wanted to play the guitar really badly. And after years of hard work, practice, and dedication, I can now play the guitar really badly.
Somebody just threw a jar of mayonnaise at me. I was like: "What the Hellman!"
Guess who I bumped into on the way to the opticians? Everyone. (or 'to get my glasses fixed')
Sad news, my obese parrot died today. Mind you, it's a huge weight off my shoulders.
I changed the voice on my GPS to Bono's, Now the streets have no names and I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
I got a lift to the eleventh floor, and as I got out, the operator said "Have a dood day, son." "Do't call me son," I said. "You're not my dad." He scratched his head. "No, but I broght you up, didn't I?"
Before my surgery today, the anesthesiologist asked if I'd like to be knocked out with gas or he could just hit me over the head with a canoe paddle. So I guess it was...and ether/oar situation.
My friend claims he can build a gun using his new 3D printer. But I'm not impressed. I've had a canon printer for years.
I'm at the airport and there's a womon completely passed out on the baggage carousel! She's slowly coming around now.
Out of all the inventions in the last 100 years, the dry erase board is probably the most remarkable.
My father made the best bread. I asked him for his secret, but he wouldn't tell me. Said it was on a knead-to-dough basis only.
Captain we have been attacked by a vessel from the planet omega 3. Thandully the damage is only super fish oil.
Fun fact: Australia's biggest export is boomerangs. It's also their biggest import.
It's a five minute walk from my house to the bar, but a 45 minute walk from the bar to my house. The difference is staggering.
You know what the first rule of passive-aggressive club is? You know what, never mind. Forget it.
Somebody should market a beer called "Occasionally". So when asked, I can say, "I only drink occasionally".
Tablets were replced by scrolls, scrolls were replaced by books. Now we scroll through books on tablets.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
My wife claims that a man in camoflage is really sexy. I just don't see it.
Someone asked me to name two structures that hold water. I was like, well damn.
I once got sent out of class at school for being too sarcastic. The teacher yelled at me, "What would your parents say if I called them?" I replied, "Hello?"
I'm not saying I'm old, I'm just saying that my dinner time and bed time are getting dangerously close to each other.
I made a graph of all my past relationships. It has an ex asis and a why axis.
I recently took a pole and found out that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed.
To err is human, to forgive is divine, to moo is bovine, to belat is ovine, to oink is porcine, to howl is lupine, to bark is canine, to purr is feline. This list is asinine.
I just spent 20 minutes searching for my phone in the car...while using my phone as a flashlight.
Told my wife I wanted to be cremated. She made me an appointment for Thursday.
A slice of apple pie costs $2 in Jamaica. And $2.50 in the Bahamas. Those are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
Worked at a factory that was famous for making giant pastries. One day they fired everyone, and brough in new workers. Yes, there was an enormous turnover...
A cardiologist died and was given an elaborate funeral. A huge heart, covered in flowers, stood behind the casket during the service. Following the eulogy, the heart opened, and the casket rolled inside. The beautiful heart then closed, sealing the doctor inside forecver. At that poin, one of the mourners burst into laughter. When all eyes stared at him, he said, "I'm sorry. I was just thinking of my own funeral...I'm a gynecologist." The proctologist fainted.
Last night I ordered a glass of wine with my dinner and the waiter asked for my ID. I replied do I look that young and the waiter said "No. I just wanted to see if you qualified for the Senior citizen discount."
My big raise was in my paycheck today. On my way home I bought a world map which I hung when I got home. I gave my wife a dart and said, "Throw this and wherever it lands we'll go there on vacation". Turns out we're spending two weeks behind the fridge.
What's the difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man arguing with his wife? The man buying a lottery ticket actually has a chance to win!
I lost three fingers on my right hand, so I asked my doctor if I would still be able to write with it. He said: "maybe, but I wouldn't count on it."
My daughter got checolate on her math homework. I'm very concerned. Only 6 years old and she's already fudging numbers.
Job interviewer: Where do you see yourself in 5 years. Me: I would say my biggest weadness is listening.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
I amputated a man's toe and replaced it with a prosthetic made out of a breath mint. I gave him a Tic Tac toe.
Do you know how to turn autocorrect off? Why? Everyone thinks I'm a homeless romantic.
I was thrown out of the break room of my Walmart yesterday. They asked me what I was doing there. I told them I was on a break. They said you don't work here. I said I'd just finished using the self-checkout so clearly I do.
Today I stopped at this roadside stand that said lobster tails $2. So I paid my $2 and the guy said, "Once upon a time there was this lobster..."
I hate spelling errors. You mix up two letters and your whole post is urined.
What happens when you cross an angry sheep, and an angry cow? You get two animals in a baaaad mooood.
Why did the crab cross the road? It didn't - it used the sidewalk.
I went to McDonald's and ordered 2 large fries. They gave me around 75 tiny ones instead.
This morning I swa a neighnor talking to her cat, it was obvious that she thought her cat understood her...I came to my house, I told my dog...we laughed a lot.
I was walking in the jungle and saw a lizard on his hind legs telling jokes. I turned to a local tribesman and said "That lizards really funny!" The tribesman replied, "That's not a lizard....He's a stand up chameleon...."
It's really hard to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells on the sea shore.
Leaving my job at the chemical factory. It's a toxic workplace.
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from The Peanuts, The Cranberries and Eminem. I call it my Trail mix.
Elderly copule in church. Wife turns to husband and says "i've just done a silent fart, what should I do?" Husband says "put new batteries in your hearing aid!"
I got called "pretty' today! Well actually the full statements was 'you're pretty annoying' But I only focus on positive things.
A man boards a plane with six kids. After they get settled in their seats, a woman sitting across the aisle leans over to him and asks, "Are al of those kids yours?" He replies, "No. I work for a condom company. These are customer complaints."
So I was in a shoe shop this morning trying on a shoe, I said to the assistant "It's too tight". She said, "Rty it with the tongue out". I said, "It'th nho ghood, it'th thtill thoo thight".
I Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship. But there was no Chemistry.
A pastor was 10-minutes into his sermon when he noticed his young son in the balcony with a pea-shooter. He was leaning over the "balcony" - aliming, and popping people in the head. As the pastor prepared to deliver a very public scolding of his boy - the 7 year old son hollered out, "You keep preaching Dad, and I'll keep'em awake!"
"Your underwear is much too tight and very revealing," I said to my wife. She replied, "Wear your own then."
I joined a procrastinator support group. It's called "Wait watchers".
My son asked me what procrastinate means. I said: "I'll tell you later."
Some trees are committed to one romantic relationship at a time. They practice mahagony.
What happens when you rearrange two of the letters in the word "nuclear"? It's unclear.
I found a candy cane from last winter as I was cleaning out the pantry today. It was still in mint condition.
I am starting a charity to teach short people math. It's called making the little things count.
I taught my kids about democracy tonight by having them vote on which movie to watch and pizza to order. I then picked the movie and pizza because I'm the one with the money.
When you die, what is the last part of your body to stop working? Your pupils. They dilate.
Last night I dreamed i'd wrote all the Lord of the Rings books...I was Tolkien in my sleep.
What's the best place in the house to hide from ghosts? The living room.
I met a woman outside the mall crying, she had lost $200, so I gave her $40 from the $200 I had found. When God blesses you, you must bless others.
Why isn't holy water used in vaccinces? Because you can't take the Lord's name in vein.
Master, what do you call 5 Sith impaled on a light saber? A sith-kebab.
A friend of mine got kidnapped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to him.
"I was the knight no one expected to see on the battlefield that day!" - Sir Prise
I saw a nice flock of cows today. Herd of cows. Of course I have. They go "moo".
My friend rang me and said: "Meet me at the Vinly Shop in 45". I made it there in 33, which was Record Time.
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. I wasn't expecting that on athe postcard she sent from Greece.
My wife is threatening to leave me because of my constant celebrity name dropping. Ryan Gosling warned me that might happen.
I asked my friend when their birthday was. He said March 1st. I stood up, walked around the room, and asked again.
Before was was was, was was is. (People learning English - :(
If vegetables are so good, explain to me why vegans are always trying to get them to taste like meat?
My mouth waters when I smell steak...I wonder if the same happens to vegans when they mow the grass.
Doctors have just identified a food that can cause grief and suffering years after it's been eaten. It's called a wedding cake.
What do you call James Bond in a bathtub? Bubble 07.
My wife thought our kids were spoiled but I think most kids smell like that.
What do you get when the sunrise bends over? The crack of dawn.
Why are tomatoes red? They're embarrassed because they saw the sald dressing.
A cement mixer has collided with a prison van. Motorists are advised to ook out for 16 hardened criminals.
My teenage son treats me like a god. He acts like I don't exist until he wants something.
When a kid says 'daddy, I want mommy" that's the kid version of "I'd like to speak to your supervisor"
Incorrectly is the only word that when spelled right, is still spelled incorrectly.
The inventor of the ballet dress couldn't come up with a clever name, eventually he put tu and tu together...
A new study shows 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it could be me.
Never use a GPS when going to a cemetery. Not nice to hear "You've reached your final destination."
Two guys are playing chess. One says to the other, "How about we make this more interesting?". So they stop playing chess.
Why do people come back from a baby changing station with the same baby?
My son asked me, "Dad, are we pyromaniacs?" I replied: "Yes, we arson."
A duck, a skunk and a deer went out to dinner at a restaurant one night. When it came time to pay, the skunk didn't have a scent, the deer didn't have a buck, so they put the meal on the duck's bill.
I just spent 45 minutes on the treadmill. Tomorrow, the goal is to turn it on.
A woman in labor shouts "shouldn't", "couldn't", "wouldn't", "Didn't", "can't". Doctor says, "It's okay it's just contractions"
A naked man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back. "I am a turtle", he says. "Who's on your back?", "That's Michelle."
I spent $400 on a limousine and discovered that the fee doesn't include a driver. Can't believe I've spent all that money ad have nothing to chauffeur it.
I considered becoming a dermatologist, but I don't like making rash decisions.
Why was the police officer upset when hs kids wouldn't go to bed? They were resisting arrest.
I was in a restaurant last night when the waitress shouted "Anyone know CPR"? I said "I know the whole alphabet". Everyone laughted except one guy!
I've started a band called 999 megabytes...we haven't gotten a gig yet.
What's special about Edam cheese? It's made backwards.
My wife bought a new wreath today made completly of $100 dollar bills! Yep...it's a Wreath of Franklins!
So a bossy man walks into a bar. He orders everyone a round.
I amazes me just how much exercise and extra fries sound alike.
I just want to say that whoever snuck the "S" into "Fast Food" was really sneaky.
Cop: You were going too fast. Me: I was just trying to keep up with traffic. Cop: There isn't any. Me: I know! That's how far behind I am.
We nearly froze to death one February night - because I bought cheap camping gear. It was the winter of our discount tent.
So I failed my cement mixing exam...it was too hard.
I went to an outside restaurant yesterday, it started to rain and it took me two hours to finish my soup.
My Doctor said that he'd like to talk about my weight. I said it was about 25 minutes, but at least the chairs were comfy.
Does the arachnophobia support group have a website?
I asked the librarian, "Do you hae any books on the Titanic?", Yes, but they haven't been returned yet.
I accidentally drank a bottle of invisible ink last night. I'm now in the hospital, waiting to be seen...
They say the grass is greener on the other side...I just turned mine over and it was just brown with worms.
I went to the doctor's office the other day and said: "I broke my arn in two places." The doctor replied: "Stop going to those places!"
I don't understand how cloning works. That makes two of us.
Did you know that you can't buy car batteries with a credit card? You're not supposed to charge new batteries.
If I had a dollar for every woman that didn't find me attractive, i'd have enough money for them all to find me attractive.
I used to think I was indecisive, now I'm not so sure.
My friend has a cool job. She works at a police station doing sketches of suspects....she's a con artist.
I used to work for a tree trimming company. I was a branch manager.
If I had 50 cents for every math test I'd failed, I'd hve $7.25.
I could never understand why my sister's had 2 brothers and I have only 1.
I had to fire my fruit deleivery driver today. I hated to let the mango but he was driving me bananas.
WHen I get a headache, I take two aspirin and keep away from children, just like the bottle says.
What does a clock do when it's still hungry? It goes back for seconds.
In college I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them!
The hardest part of joining Hypochondriacs' Anonymous....is admitting that you don't have a problem.
I used to work at a coal pit. But later became an Actor. For some reason I was only ever cast in miner roles.
I was out with the wife the other day walking around the National Gallery looking at all the painting, sculpture, statues and realized how it all enhanced our planet. I look at my wife and asked; "I wonder what Earth would be like with no art in it?". The looked at me a bit bemused: "Eh?......"
For my wife's birtday, I took her to sit in an orchard for a couple of hours. Not quite the Apple watch she was expecting.
Me: It's not about how many times you fall. It's about how many times you get back up. Office: Yeah, that's not how field sobriety test works..."
My wife played soccer in college when we stated dating. We were on the phone after one of her games and she was telling me how many saves she had. As I listened to her beautiful voice, I realized....shw was a keeper.
I phoned my work this morning and said, "Sorry boss, I can't come in today, I have a wee cough." He said, "You hve a wee cough?" I said, "Really? Thanks boss, see you next week!"
Yesterday I ate a clock, it was very time consuming. Especially when I went back for seconds.
When you buy a bigger bed, you have more bed room, but less bedroom
I was trying to figure out why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
My friend Phillip cut off his lip in a trafic shaving accident. We call him Phil now.
What do you call a guy pouring water into a glass? Phil.
Son: I watched a guy do 50 pushups. Can you do that dad? Dad: Of course! Not to brag but I could probably watch someone do 100 push-ups.
I a drummer comes out of retirement, will there be repercussions?
The man who invented the automatic tennis serving machine is celebrating his birthday. Many happy returns!
Did you hear about the hikers through the Himalayas that were dragged into a cave and only released after having done 100 sit-ups? They were victims of the Abdominal Snowman.
I gave my wife some old socks and asked if she would mend them? She told me they weren't worth a darn.
My wife left a note on the fridge saying, "This isn't working, goodbye". I opened it and it works just fine.
My wife said she's leaving me because of my obsession with tennis - and I'm too old. I said: "I'm only 40 love."
Did you know an antelope can jump highter than a house. That is due to its powerful hind legs and the fact that a house cannot jump at all.
I just got hit by a rental car. It Hertz.
Two years ago my doctor told me I was going deaf. I haven't heard from him since.
Them: How many push-ups can you do? Me: If they're the orange flavor I know for a fact I can do 7 of them in one sitting.
I just saw on the news that a man has discovered how to do origami backwards! More on this story as it unfolds...
My laptop suddenly started belting out "Soneone like You". Obviously, it's a Dell.
When people are sad, I let them color in my tattoss. Sometimes all they need is a shoulder to crayon.
Why do astronauts use linux? Because you can't open windows in space.
I can list a couple of reasons why they would make a new Elvis movie... 1. For the money 2. For the show.
I debated a flat earther once He stormed off saying he'd walk to the edge of the earth to prove me wrong. I'm sure he'l come around, eventually.
My wife has begged me to stop making police related puns. I said, "Ok, I'll give it arrest"
There's a rumor going around about butter...but I refuse to spread it.
What do you call it when chewbacca messes something up? A wookie mistake.
A farmer was milking his cow. He was just starting to get a good rhythm going when a bug flew into the barn and started circling his head. Suddently, the bug flew into the cow's ear. the farmer didn't think much about it, until the bug squirted out into his bucket. It went in one ear and out the udder.
What's the longest word in the English language? Smiles. The first and last letters are a mile apart.
My wife ordered a bunch of photos from our family vacation to disneyland but they haven't been delivered yet....someday her prints will come.
Dude 1: "Hey bro?" Dude 2: "Yeah bro?" Dude 1: "Can you hand me that pamplet?" Dude 2: "Borchure"
I just noticed two large bumps on my car battery. Had them tested and one came back positive. Hope it's not terminal.
How does a computer get drunk? It takes screen shots.
I'm not saying I'm attractive. But when I take my clothes off in the bathroom the shower gets turned on.
What does the farmer say to the cows at night? It's pasture bedtime.
I call people who work out next to me, Gomer Pyle. because they're my Jim Nabors.
I told my girl to meet me at the gym...she never showed up...I guess me and her are just not gonna work out.
What type of exercise do lazy people do? Diddly Squats.
To the guy who invented zero...Thanks for nothing.
Did you know...taller people sleep longer in bed.
I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants...Feefiphobia...
What sound does a cow make when it runs out of milk?  None. There is udder silence.
Son: I watched a guy do 50 pushups. Can you do that, Dad?  Dad: Sure. Not to brag but I could probably watch someone do 100 pushups.
Alwasys make sure SOMEONE in the relationship has good credit. That's why it's called SIGNIFICANT other. Sign/if/I/can't.
Why is it cheaper to throw a party in a haunted house? Because the ghosts will bring the boos.
I can't believe someone broke into my house and stole all of my frit. I am peachless.
I was my math teacher walking down the corridor holding some graph paper. I thought, "he's plotting something".
If the No. 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still No. 2?
Currently on sick-leave after dropping a kleenex box on my foot. According to my doctor, I've got soft tissue damage.
When I found out I was holding the taser the wrong way around, I was stunned...
The next Start Wars movie will introduce Darth Vader's annoying brother: Aggra Vader...
Where did Gotye go? In 2012 he was huge but it seems like now he's just somebody that we used to know.
I'm making a new documentary on how to fly a plane. We're currently filming the pilot.
So I'm currently reading a book called: "Swimming the Engish Channel". by Francis Neer.
Did you know muffins spelled backwards is what you do when you take them out of the oven?
I would like to be a millionaire just like my dad. He always wanted to be a millionaire too.
Three mem were on a boat. They had four cigarettes, but nothing to light them with. So they threw a cigarette overboard and the the whole boat became a cigarette lighter.
My boss texted me "hey send me one of your funny jokes." I said: "I'm working at the moment, I'll send you one later." He replied: "has that was hilarious. Send me another one."
I used to have a dog who did magic. It was a labracadabrador.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A yamahahahaha.
I'm doing one of those escape rooms today...Well work...I'm going to work, but trying to figure out how to get out of it.
She told me that in a past life, she'd been a stringed intrument in ancient Greece...and I called her a lyre.
I tried to write a drinking song, but I couldn't make it past the first few bars.
I just dropped a heavy box of berries on my foot. Now I cranberry walk.
I'm thinking of going to a fancy dress party in a straitjacket. But I'm just not sure if I can pull it off.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
A woman called her local dairy telling them she wants to order enough milk to take a milk bath. Farser says "You want the mild pasteurised?" She said "no, just up to my chin".
When I was a kid, my parents would always say, "Excuse my Frnche" just after a swear word...I'll never forget my first day a school when my teacher asked if any of use knew any French.
I saw an ad for a cheap crystal ball. I thought, "That's worth looking into."
Lately my posts have all been going viral. I guess that means I'm now an influenzer.
I can't work out, I'm in the fitness protection program.
To get an annoying song out of your head, just pretend that you're riding a horse like a Rhinestone Cowboy!
I just got hit ay a rental car. It Hertz.
Just saw a burglar breaking into his own house. I asked him what he was doing and he said "Working from home".
I walked into the pet store and I spoke to the guy at the counter. "I'm looking for an inexpensive pet and I heard your birds are going cheep"
What is the opposite of a croissant. A Happy Uncle.
I was going to cook alligator...but I realized I only had a crock pot.
So my friend just said to me: "You've put a lot of weight on". I said: "I've had a lot on my plate recently".
Managing your weight around the holidays just required a little planning...for example, I took the batteries out of my scale on Wednesday.
I quit calling my bathroom the John. I started calling it the gym so I could tell people I want to the gym every morning.
My wife asked if she could have some peace and quiet while she tried to cook dinner. So I took the batteries out of the smoke alarm.
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve You, bot don't start anything."
A woman has twins and gives them up for adoption. One of them goes to a family in Egypt and is names "Ahmal." The other goes to a family in Spain; they name him "Juan." Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mother. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Ahmal. Her husband responds, "They're twins! If you've seen Juan, you've seen Ahmal."
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm ans says: "A beer please, and one for the road."
Two fish swim into a concrete wall. The one turns to the other ran says "Dam!"
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire in the craft. Unsurprisingly it sand, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
"Have you heard of Murphy's law? "Yeah", "What is it?" "If something can go wrong, it will go wrong." "Rignth. Have you heard of Cole's Law?", "No, what is it?", "Thinly sliced cabbage."
Apparently to start a zoo you need at least two pandas, a grizzly and three polars. It's the bear minimum.
I was walking past a farm and a sign said "Duck, eggs". I thought: "That's an unnecessary comma - and then it hit me."
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store....I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
My wife asked me why I was doing the dishes while sitting down. Told her it's because I can't stand doing it.
My wife gave me an ultimatum. It was her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
My wife often compares me to Ryan Gosling....She'll say You're nothing like Ryan Gosling."
I want to grow my own food but I can't find bacon sees.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Why did the dad joke cross the road? To get to the other sigh.
I was feeling bad about the future today, but then I installed the new version of office. It improved my outlook.
I'm creating an app to find qualified electricians in your area. It's called wattsapp.
A Mexican magician said he will disappear on the count of 3. He says: "Uno, Dos..." Poof! He disappeared without a tres.
I was a sigh that said "Falling Rocks". So I tried and it doesn't (S)
This morning I saw a neighbor talking to her cat, it was obvious that she thought her cat understood her....I came to my house, I told my dog...we laughed a lot.
What did Mike Tyson say after working out with Chris Hemsworth? You're gonna be Thor in the morning.
Job Interviewer: where do you see yourself in the next five years?
Me: I'd say my biggest weakness is listening. (S)
Being a little older, I am very fortunate to have someone call and check on my everyday. He is from India and is very concerned about my car warranty.
I love watching programs about lakes and rivers on the internet. Anything water related really.
I am actually watching a live stream right now.
The oldest computer can be traced back to Adam and Eve.
It was an Apple with a limited memory. Just one byte and then everything crashed.
My wife is leaving me because I'm beginning to go bald. I don't mind....it's Hair loss.
In the old west, they would mount a lantern on their horse for travelling at night. It was the 1st form of saddle light navigation.
I recently ran an ultra marathon in northern Sweden...I realized that I had gone way off course as soon as I crossed the Finnish line.
My wife asked me, "Why don't you treat me like you did when we were first dating!?" So I took her to dinner and a movie...Then dropped her off at her parents' house.
My uncle has 2 Dobermans called Rolex and Timex. They are watch dogs.
My wife and I watched every Harry Potter movie back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
What kind of drug should dinosaurs never take? A steroid.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He said: "A beer please, and one for the road".
I'm so glad I was able to convince my daughter not to date this guy named Kelvin. He's an absolute zero.
Did you know that if you put your left shoe on your left foot, it means you're putting it on the right foot?
I went fishing lat weekend. and there was this guy splashing about in the middle of the lake shouting "I can't swim! I can't swim!" I said, "it's alright, pointing at a nearby sign, "It says no swimming!"
What should you do if you are addicted to sea weed? Sea kelp.
I got a beautiful new car for my wife. Best trade I've ever made.
I offered the old women next door $5 to have a go on her stair lift....I think she's going to take me up on it.
Had a policeman stop me to say he was looking for a man with one eye. I told him to use both and he would find him a lot quicker.
What do you cal Bears with no ears? B
As kids we used to throw Scrabble tiles at each other, until Mom shouted "stop it before someone loses an i"
My wife found out I was cheating on her. She found the letters I was hiding under the sofa cushion. Long story short, she says she will never play scrabble with me again.
I bought a greyhound yesterday. My wife said "Are you going to race him?" I said "No, he's much faster than me!"
I was orphaned at a young age and raised by a pack of hyenas. No toys, no posh house, facing starvation scouring for food, but boy, did we have some laughs!
My wallet is like an onion. When I open it, it makes me cry.
I always carry a picture of my wife and kids in my wallet. I do it to remind myself why there is no money in there.
70% of the earth is water and virtually none of it is carbonated. So the earth is, in fact, flat...
My wife warned me not to make off with the kitchen utensils...bit it's a whick I'm willing to take.
life is like a helicopter...i don't know how to operate a helicopter.
I've never trusted stairs. They're always up to something.
My wife accused me of stealing her thesaurus. Not only was I shocked, but I was appalled, aghast, and dismayed.
I am writing a book about reverse psychology...please don't buy it!
I've changed my Facebook username to NOBODY...So now when piople post crap, I can press the 'like' button and it'll say NOBODY likes this.
My doctor says I have a narcissistic personality disorder. But that's impossible - as the smartest man alive I would have noticed.
OMG, I just found out that Albert Einstein was a real person!! All this time I thought he was a theoretical physicist.
My wife asked, "Did you eat my chocolate eclair in the fridge?". I answered, "no, I ate it in the bedroom."
My wife told me to stop being an ideot. Just be myself. I told her to make up her mind.
What would you get if a dinosaur kicked you in the backside? A mega-sore-ass.
I called my doctor "My wife is going into labor! What should I do?" "Is this her first child?", he asked. "No,this is her husband."
When I was yound I couldn't decide if I wanted to be a hairdresser or write short stories. So I flipped a coin...heads or tales!
How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible!
Even if a bear wears docks and shoes, he still has bear feet!
I asked seven billionairies, "What's the secret to your success?" and they all said the same thing. "How did you get into my mansion?"
Never play poker with an origami artist. All they do is fold.
A photon is going through airport security. The TSA agent asks if he has any luggage. The photon says, "No, I'm traveling light."
Scientist have grown human vocal cords in a Petri dish...the results speak for themselves.
Went to my local supermarket and asked one of the assistants where the fresh meat counter was, she said, "we don't employ anyone to count fresh meat."
What type of sandals do frogs wear? Open toad.
The reason that aliens have never visited us is because our solar system has received terrible reviews....we only have one star.
Some of my friends exercise every day, meanwhile i'm watching a show I don't like because the remote fell on the floor.
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
The man who invented throat lozenges died last week. There was no coffin at the funeral.
If we are to be serious about saving the planet, we should stop printing calendars. They're the reason our days are numbered.
Yesterday I read an article about the dangers of drinking too much...It scared the heck out of me, so today I've decided never to read it again.
Never iron a four leaf clover . You don't want to press your luck!
I joined a dating site for arsonists. I've been getting a lot of matches.
I remember as a kid my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing but when I got home, the signs where all there.
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks. It cost me an arm and a let!
I just got pulled over by a cop. He asked me if I had a police record. Apparently "Roxanne" was not the answer he wanted.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
Genie: I shall grant you 3 wishes. Me: I wish for a world without lawyers. Genie; Done, you have no more wishes. Me: But you said 3. Genie. So Sue me!
When I'm around my Spanish-speaking friends I lways use the word "mucho"...It means a lot to them
I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64k, 128k, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
The word 'queue' is just a Q followed by four silent letters.
Why is a 'W' called 'Double-U' when it is clearly a 'Double-V'?
Pronouncing words that end in 'ough'. Cough, bough, rough, dough, through, though...
A sheep herder is watching his dog herd all their sheep into a pen. The dog finishes and says "Master, I've got all 30 sheep in the pen". The man looks at the sheep, then back to the dog and says "but I only count 26". The dog says "I know, I rounded them up".
Doctors have just identified a food that can cause grief and suffering years after it's been eaten. It's called a wedding cake.
Why would a pig dressed in black never get bullied? Because Batman has sworn to protect goth ham.
My wife says I'm the cheapest man in the world. I'm not buying it.
If you drive a Subaru in reverse, what are you? U r a bus.
A lot of people don't realize the actor that played Wilson in Castaway is the same actor from the volleyball scene in Top Gun.
I had to fire the guy I hired to mow my lawn. He just didn't cut it.
How much does a rainbow weigh? Not much, they're actually pretty light!
The Beastie Boys are releasing a five - part anthology. Parts A thru D are free. You have to fidnt for your right to Part E.
Research has shown that laughing for 2 mins is just as healthy as a 20 min jog. So, now I'm sitting in the park laughing at all the joggers.
If your dentist fixed your cavities with different colors, would it be ok, or would you have...mixed fillings?
The work on Big Ben is meant to take 3 years...that's along time considering they're working around the clock.
My wife wants me to blow air on her whenever she overheats but honestly...I'm not a fan
I saw a man standing with a sign yesterday that said,  'I'm looking for Werk." I went over to help him out and correct his spelling but apparently that's how you spell his brother's name.
Can trees poop? Yes. How else do we get No. 2 pencils?
I sent my hearing aids for repair 2 weeks ago. Haven't heard anything since.
I had to end my friendship with Dracula. He was a pain in the neck.
I was out with my young daughter and ran into a friend I'd not seen in years.  "This is Beth." I said, introducing my kid. "And what's Beth short for?", he asked. "Because she's only three,", I replied.
The Swordfish has no natural predators to be afraid of...except for the Penfish, which is supposed to be even mightier.
We started a band and called it "Books". So no one can judge us by our covers.
Someone tried to sell me a coffin today. I said that's the last thing I need.
I haven't spoken to my wife in 7 years. I don't want to interrupt her.
When you teach a wolf to meditate it becomes...aware wolf.
I taught a wolf to meditate. Now he's aware wolf.
I excel at saying 39 in Roman numerals.
One of the ants on my ant farm dresses up as a clown to cheer up his friends. He's an anti-depress ant.
My twin brother called me from prison. He said: "You know how we finish each other's sentences?"
What do you call a zombie who doesn't joke around? Dead serious.
When I was a kid, bedtime was 9 PM. I couldn't wait to be a grownup so I could go to bed anytime I wanted. Turns out that is 9 PM.
99.99% of people are idiots. I'm just happy I belong to the 1%.
I hate it when people try to act all intelligent and talk about Mozart when they have never even seen one of his paintings.
When filling out a job application, I saw they had a section for "previous life experience", so I wrote down that I was a Pharaoh in 2300 B.C.
My ability to remember song lyrics from the 80's far exceeds my ability to remember why I walked into the kitchen.
My wife won't talk to me - not sure why. She just asked me what the female equivalent of the 'mancave' is. And I told her it's called the kitchen.
Apparently 30% of owners let their pet sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
My teacher always said not to worry about correct spelling, because we have autocorrect. And for that I am infernally grapefruit.
How do you console an English teacher? There, their, they're.
I was having trouble with my internet at the farm, so I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable wifi.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards......creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
My wife complains i don't buy her flowers. To be honest, I didn't know she sold flowers.
Three Conspiracy Theorists Walk into a bar...don't tell me that's not a coincidence
Yesterday one of my good friends told me I often make people uncomfortable by violating their personal space. It was a really hurtful thing to say and completely ruined our bath.
I'm so proud of my 18 year old son. I gave him a puzzle that said "2-3 years" on it and he completed it in 2 minutes.
My wife yelled at me "are you even listening to me". I said "that's a funny way to start a conversation".
What do you call 2 monkeys who share an amazon account? Prime Mates!
Geology rocks but geography is where it's at.
I married my wife for her looks. Just not the ones she's been giving me lately.
The checker at the grocery store asked me if I wanted my milk in a bag. I told her to leave it in the carton.
I bought 75% of shares in a vampire hunting business. I'm the main stakeholder.
I struggle with Roman Numerals until I get to 159. Then it just CLIX.
100 years ago everybody rode horses around, and only the wealthy could afford cars. Today everybody drives cars, and only the wealthy can afford horses. Oh how the stables have turned.
Spring is here I'm so excited I wet my plants.
I'm going to write a book about all the things I should have done with my life. I'll call it my oughtabiography.
Little known fact: Before the crowbar was invented. Crows simply drank at home.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a lightbulb? Two. One to change the bulk and one to give it an unexpected twist at the end.
I just bought stock in a balloon manufacturing company. I'm one of the few people I know who enjoys inflation.
I told my friend i'd build a model of the Himalayas. He asked: "to scale?" I said: "No, just to look at"
I read a book about a young girl in the 1940's who got food poisoning from the hot dog she made. It was titled: "The Diarrhea of Anne's Frank."
My acupuncturist seemed to take forever to get all of the needles into me. He's such a slow poke. 
I accidentally sprayed deodorant in my mouth. Now when I talk, I have this weird axe scent.
I went to the local video store and asked if I could borrow Batman Forever. They said no, you'll have to bring it back tomorrow.
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
For his birthday, I got my son an alarm clock that swears at him instead of beeping. He's in for  a rude awakening.
How do you make the number one disappear? You add "g" and it's GONE.
When your honey comes home in a white suit, covered in bee stings and smelling like honey...you know she's a keeper.
I met a magical Genie. He gave me one wish. I said, "I wish I could be you". The Genue saud, "Weurd wush but U wull grant ut." 
Ate my last piece of cheese yesterday. Today it is raining. Ain't no sunshine, when cheese gone.
What is the difference between a cat and God? God doesn't think He's a cat.
I asked the Librarian where the books on Engine lubricants were. She said they were in the non-friction section.
Technically all the money you spent on food is flushed down a toilet.
My bills ain't even bills anymore. They're grown...I call them Williams.
My 6-year old daughter has lined up all of her dolls towards the outdoor grill. Looks like she's preparing some kind of barbie queue.
Ricardo Montalban struggled to find acting roles after "Star Trek 2." Nobody wanted to hire an ex-Khan!
One of my neighbors owns several cats. On a recent visit, she introduced them to me: "That's Astorphe, that's Erpillar, that's Aract, and that Alogue." Where on earth did you get such unusual names? I asked. "oh, those are their last names," she explained. "Their first names are Cat."
I wrote a book on how to fall down the stairs. It's a step by step guide.
Whenever I try to eat healthy a chocolate bar looks at me and snickers!
The Egyptians claim there are no crocodiles in their country. I think they're in de Nile.
To everyone out there suffering from paranoia. Just remember, you're not alone.
"How much to hire a church singing group" "You mean a choir?" "Fine, how much to acquire a church sing group?"
I was horrified when my wife told me that my six-year-old-son wasn't actually mine. Apparently I need to pay more attention during school pick-up. 
My wife asked me today if I had seen the dog bowl. I said no, I didn't know he could.
I doesn't matter if you're tall, short, fat, thin, rich, poor, at the end of the day....it's night.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
I've been reading a book called "How to Use a Ladder". Well, it's more of a step-by-step guide.
My girlfriend wants me to choose between her and my career as a reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
I told my son he shouldn't listen to losers. Now he won't talk to me.
Where do bad rainbows go? Prism, but its a light sentence.
My dad used to say to me 'When one door closes another will open'. He was a brilliant philosopher but a terrible cabinet maker.
I invented a car that moves only when the driver is silent...it goes without saying.
Sad news...the creator of autocorrect had died. Restaurant in piece.
My wife: You need to do more chores around the house. Me: Chan we change the subject? My wife: Ok. More chores around the house need to be done by you.
My favorite childhood memory is building sand castles with my grandfather. Until my mother took the urn from me. 
Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging.
My wife tells me I can be an idiot sometimes...I think it's pretty cool of her to give me permission like that...
I was abducted by aliens. They made me wash my hands, clean my room, and eat my vegetables. Turns out I was on the mothership.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. It was a nice jester.
Energizer bunny arrested: Charged with battery.
Thieves have stolen 20 crates of Red Bull from my local supermarket. I don't know how these people sleep at night.
I am getting a little sick of my wife complaining that I sit around and do nothing all weekend. I'm not going to stand for it.
My wife has just phoned me to say that 3 girls in her office have receive flower and they are absolutely gorgeous. I said, "That's probably why."
My wife left a note on the fridge: this is not working, I'm going to my mum's house. I opened the fridge door, the light was on , the juice was cold. What the heck did she mean?
I wanted to thank everyone for sticking with me while I figured out the meaning of "many". It means a lot.
Thanks for teaching me the meaning of "Plethora"...it means a lot
You really should try archery while blindfolded. You don't know what you're missing.
Why did the magazine company go out of business? Too many issues.
What part of the body always loses? Defeat.
Someone stole my coffee cup. Now I have to go down to the police station and look at mugshots.
A friend and I stopped by Hooters for some wings and a beer. He asked me, "Which waitress would you like to be stuck with in an elevator?" I responded, "The one that can fix elevators. I'm old, I'm tired, and I pee a lot."
I walked into a pub with my wife. The Landlord said, "Would you like a beer for your wife?" I said: "That sounds like a fair swap."
Waiter: How do you like your steak, sir? Sir: Like winning an argument with my wife. Waiter: rare it is!
Can anyone tell me what oblivious means? I have no idea.
It's my wife's birthday next week and she's been leaving jewelry catalogs all over our house. So I got her a magazine rack.
I just figured out why Teslas are so expensive. It's because they charge  a lot.
What did the carpenter say when he finished building his house? Nailed it.
My wife apologized for the first time ever today. She said she's sorry she ever married me.
At a job interview I filled my glass of water until it overflowed a little. "Nervous?" asked the interviewer. "No, I always give 110%".
I am so poor. I can't even pay attention.
I just called the paranoia hotline. A guy answered: "How the heck did you get this number?"
Cross-eyed teacher loses job. could not control her pupils.
Did you know that I almost have a photographic memory? I never developed it.
What does a tapeworm have in common with the Eiffel tower? They're both Paris sites.
Next Monday we start Diarrhea Awareness Week. Runs until Friday.
Diarrhea is hereditary. It runs in your jeans.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short.
Today I showed up late for work. The boss yelled, "You should've been here at 8:30!". I replied, "Why? What happened at 8:30?"
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far I've finished two bags of M&Ms and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
Pulled out a nose hair today to see if it hurt....judging the the reaction of the man asleep next to me on the bus, it seems pretty painful.
I've asked my wife to polish my medieval battle uniform while I go to the pub. She always said she wanted a night in, shining armor.
Just so everybody's clear. I'm going to put my glasses on.
I was driving to the airport to catch my flight when I saw a sign that said: "Airport Left". So I turned around and went home.
Today, I saw someone waving and I wasn't sure whether they were waving at me or someone behind me.
In other news, I was fired from my lifeguard job.
My wife thinks it's weird that I stare at the window during a heavy rainstorm. It would be a lot less weird if she'd just let me in.
Police have confirmed that the man who tragically fell from the roof of an 18th floor Nightclub was not a bouncer.
The other day, at a thrift store, I bought an old record album called "Sounds Wasps Make". When I got it home and played it, I said to myself, "This doesn't sound anything like wasp sounds." Then I realized, I was playing the Bee side.
To the person who stole my place in the queue. I'm after you now.
What did the blanket say as it fel off the bed? Oh sheet!
People are usually shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician.
What do you call an underwater dog? A subwoofer.
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii? or just a low ha.
When I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof....I was shocked.
Just opened my water bill and my electricity bill at the same time...I was shocked.
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you"? "Pop", goes the weasel.
I'm not wearing glasses anymore. I've seen enough.
10 years ago today I asked my childhood sweetheart, my best friend and the most beautiful woman in the world to marry me... All three said "no."
A police office called the station on his radio. "I have an interesting case here. An old lady shot her husband for stepping on the floor she just mopped." "Have you arrest the woman"? Not yet. The floor's till wet.
My wife gets angry that I keep introducing her as my ex-girlfriend.
If your wife says she will be ready in 5 minutes, she will be. No need to remind her every 15 minutes about it.
Just cost me $1. Yes, one american dollar, to put air in my tires. Used to be 25cents. Suppose that' inflation for you.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Did you hear about the chameleon that couldn't change color? It had a-reptile dysfunction.
My son's fourth birthday was today, but when he came to see me I didn't recognize him at first. I'd never seen him be 4.
My Tinder bio says that I have a corner office with views of the entire city, drive a $500,000 vehicle, and that I'm paid to travel. My dates are always upset when I tell them I'm a bus driver.
My wife is threatening to kick me out of the house because of my obsession with acting like a news anchor. More on this after the break.
I was in a taxi today and the drive said, "I love my job. I'm my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do." Then I said: "Turn left here."
I just burnt my Hawaiian Pizza. Should have used aloha temperature.
In the past the poor had horses and the rich had cars. now the poor have cars and only the rich have horses. How the stables have turned.
My son wanted to know what it's like to be married. I asked him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
When my great-granddad went bald, he built a machine to weave himself a wig out of yarn. He then gave it to my granddad, who then gave it to my dad - and one day, it will be mine. It's our family hair loom...
For the 10th year in a row, my coworkers voted me "the most secretive guy" in the office. I can't tell you how much this award means to me.
My wife says to me "see! You never listen to a word I say!" I thought to myself, "what a weird way to start a conversation"
What starts with a W and ends with a T. It really does, I swear.
A genie granted me one wish, so I said "I just want to be happy." Now I'm living in a cottage with 6 dwarves and working in a mine.
I had a vasectomy because I didn't want any kids. When I got home, they were still there.
I was in a taxi the other day and the drive said, "do you mind if I put some music on?" I said "not at all" He said "Kiss"? I said, "Let's listen to the music first and see how we feel"
My wife said, "I can think of 14 reasons to leave you, plus your obsession with Tennis. I replied, "That's 15 love"
The adjective for metal is metallic. But not so for iron...which is ironic.
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
I told my boss I needed a pay raise and that a few other companies were after me. Boss: which ones? Me: Water, Gas & Electric
The re-opening of LEGO stores was a big event in 2020. People were lined up for blocks.
Elton John bought his pet rabbit to the gym... "It's a little fit bunny..."
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift.
I tried to come up with a carpentry pun......that woodwork, I think I nailed it, but nobody saw it.
I asked my wife if I am the only one she has ever been with. She said yes, all the others were nines and tens.
I heard my wife, in the other room, yelling at the the TV: "Don't go in there! Don't go in the church, you moron!" She is watching our wedding video again.
A couple of cows were smoking weed and playing poker. The steaks were high.
In general, puns are corny, But puns about eyes are even cornea.
I went to a restaurant yesterday and ate a pelican sandwich. It tasted ok but the bill was huge!
I saw a beehive with no exit. Unbelievable.
I you think my prose is bad, just remember...it could be verse.
I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes. I now have Heinzsight.
So this morning I was a fella dragging a clam on a leash behind him. I thought it must be hard to walk with a pulled mussel.
Two cowboys are lost in the desert. One cowboy sees a tree that's draped in bacon. "A bacon tree! We're saved!" He says. He runs to the tree and is shot up with bullets.....It wasn't a bacon tree, it was a ham bush.
Scientists have just discovered a fossilized dinosaur fart. They say it's a blast from the past.
What is a geologist's favorite music genre? rock.
"Just cleared out some space in the frezzer" sounds so much more productive that "I just polished off another pint of ice cream."
My wife is threatening to leave me because of my obsession with wearing different clothes every half an hour. I said, "Wait, I can change."
How does an Englishman invite a dinosaur for lunch? Tea, Rex?
Woman divorces husband over his obsession with pasta. He told the daily paper: 'She won't get a penne out of me'.
Breaking news: A nine year old girl that has disappeared after using moisturiser that makes you look ten years younger.
My wife is pregnant and my doctor asked me if I had ever been present at a childbirth before. I said: "yes, just once." He asked: "What was it like?" I replied: "It was dark, then suddenly very bright."
If you serve your kids frozen pizza or chicken nuggets for dinner, you are a terrible parent...I don't care how busy you are, find the time to microwave them.
In college I was so broke I couldn't afford the electricity bill. Those were the darkest days of my life.
I fell asleep halfway into a Hallmark holiday movie, then woke up halfway through another. It took me 30 minutes to notice.
I had a dream the ocean was filled with orange sode. It was a Fanta Sea.
There's a movie coming out about a movile home. I just saw the trailer.
Fun fact: "Sugar" is the only word in the English language where "su-" makes a "sh" sound. At least, I'm pretty sure that's correct.
Just got hospitalized due to a peekaboo accident. They put me in the ICU.
Just reading that there's a small island off the coast of Italy which is inhabited by 5 million Sicillion people. That's the biggest number I've ever heard.
I misplaced Dwayne Johnson's cutting tool for the origami workshop. I can't believe I lost the Rock's Paper Scissors.

