(L)      I recently bought a toilet brush....long story short, I'm going back to toilet paper.
(L)      The guy at the furniture store told me the sofa would seat 5 people without any problems. Then it occurred to me, I don't think I know 5 people without any problems.

(LS)     A cement mixer has collided with a prison van. Motorists are advised to look out for 16 hardened criminals.
(LS)     A copy of "A Christmas Carol" just fell on my toe. It hurts like the Dickens!
(LS)     Hired a handy man and gave him a list. When I got home, only items 1, 3, and 5 were done. Turns out, he only does odd jobs.
(LS)     How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing! It was on the house!
(LS)     I accidentally drank a bottle of invisible ink last night. I'm in the hospital now, waiting to be seen.
(LS)     I asked my wife why she married me. She said, "because you're so funny and make me laught so much." I told her I thought it was because I was so charming and good looking. She replied, "See? You're hilarious!"
(LS)     I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it...it's true. I saw it with my own eyes.
(LS)     I cut myself shredding cheese. I wanted to blame someone else, but then I remembered, with grate power come grate responsibility.
(LS)     I decided to make sure my wife woke up with a big smile on her face this morning. Now I can't have Sharpies in the house anymore!
(LS)     I have an idea for a chain of Elvis steak houses. It will be for people who love meat tender.
(LS)     I have invented a game called: Silent Tennis. It's like regular tennis but without the racket.
(LS)     I hit a turkey and it flew over my car and landed on the car behind me. It was a cop...he pulled me over and gave me a ticket for flipping him the bird.
(LS)     I own intelligent farm animals. One's learned to drive a boat. I'd show you, but unfortunately that sheep has already sailed.
(LS)     I said to the stewardess "What height are we flying at?". She replied: "36000 ft or maybe 33000 ft...what does it matter, you idiot?". She definitely had an altitude problem.
(LS)     I wanted to go jogging, but Proverbs 28:1 says "The wicked run when no one is chasing them"...so there's that!
(LS)     I went to a restaurant yesterday and ate a pelican sandwich. It tasted ok, but the bill was huge!
(LS)     I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet? I asked my 18 brothers and sisters and they don't know either.
(LS)     I you weigh 200 pounds on earth, you'll be only 76 pounds on mars. You're not overweight, you're just on the wrong planet.
(LS)     Little Johnny asks the teacher, "Can I be punished for something I haven't done?" The teacher is shocked. "Of course not, Johnny! That would be very unfair!" Johnny is relieved. "That's good to know,", he says, "Because I haven't done my homework."
(LS)     My 3 favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.
(LS)     My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall...but it was his own dumb asphalt.
(LS)     Poop jokes aren't my favorite kind of joke. But they are a solid #2.
(LS)     Saw a man standing on one leg at an ATM. Confused, I asked him what he was doing..He said: "Just checking my balance."
(LS)     The cashier told me "Strip down facing me". By the time I realized they meant the debit card, it was too late.
(LS)     The next time you dislike your life, remember it's all about perspective. I have a friend who reads 2-3 books a week, works out twice a day, has no financial worries, and has people who want to have sex with him all the time. And yet he constanctly complains about how much he hates prison!
(LS)     Watched a movie on TV last night, with the warning that it had "adult situations". I was expecting acid reflux, arthritis, bad knees...It wasn't like that at all!
(LS)     What did the third wise man say after his friends had already presented gold and frankincense? "But wait, there's myrrh!"
(LS)     What do you call a nun who sleepwalks? A Roman Catholic.
(LS)     What do you call a snowman who vacations in the tropics? A puddle.
(LS)     What do you call a teacher that won't fart in public? A private tutor.
(LS)     What's red white, and blue all over? A sad candy cane!
(LS)     What is the difference between Iron man and Iron Woman? One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.
(LS)     When I'm around my Spanish-speaking friends I always use the word "mucho" as much as possible...It means a lot to them.
(LS)     What's the difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man arguing with his wife? The man buying a lottery ticket actually has a chance to win!
(LS)     Where do dad's store all their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base!
(LS)     Which computer has the best voice? A Dell.
(LS)     Why can't cats play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
(LS)     Why don't you ever see Santa in a hospital? Because he has private elf care.
(LS)     Why isn't holy water used in vaccines? Because you can't take the Lord's name in vein.
(LS)     Why was the sand wet? The seaweed.
(LS)     Wife: please stop eating so much salt. Me: why? Wife: too much sodium can lead to high blood pressure, heart attack, and stroke. Me: so you're saying too much sodium is a salt with a deadly weapon.
(LS)     Wife said, "our new neighbors are so in love. He kisser her, strokes her hair and hugs her. Why don't you do that"? I said, "Because I don't know her that well yet"

(LSW)    "Just cleared out some space in the freezer" sounds so much more productive that "I just polished off another pint of ice cream."
(LSW)    3,027 years from today, life will either be really good, or really bad! It's 5050...
(LSW)    70% of the earth is water and virtually none of it is carbonated. So the earth is, in fact, flat...
(LSW)    A shark could swim faster than me, but I could probably run faster than a shark. So in a triatlon, it would all come down to who is the better cyclist.
(LSW)    A wizard asked me to proof read one of his scrolls last week. Actually, it was more of a Spell Check.
(LSW)    According to my chocolate Advent calendar, there are only 2 days left until Christmas.
(LSW)    According to the BMI chart at the doctor's office...I'm too short!
(LSW)    As an American, it makes me so sad to see that nothing is made in the USA anymore. I just bought this new TV and it says "Built-in Antenna." I don't even know where that is!
(LSW)    As kids we used to throw Scrabble tiles at each other, until Mom shouted "stop it before someone loses an i"
(LSW)     At the age of 65 my Grandma started walking 10 miles a day. She's 92 now and we have no idea where she is.
(LSW)    Baby changing stations are a hoax. The parents always come out with the same kid.
(LSW)    Before I got married, I didn't even know there was a wrong way to put the milk back in the fridge.
(LSW)    Bit upset today. I've lost my Atlas. It meant the world to me...
(LSW)    Breaking news: A nine year old girl that has disappeared after using moisturiser that makes you look ten years younger.
(LSW)    Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage!
(LSW)    Did you hear about the cross-eyed teacher that lost her job...she couldn't control her pupils.
(LSW)    Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
(LSW)    Did you know that the man who invented the Ferris Wheel never met the man who invented the Merry-Go-Round? They traveled in difference circles.
(LSW)    Don't you hate it when you read read as read and not read, so you have to re-read read as read so you can read read correctly and it can make sense.
(LSW)    Dove chocolate tastes way better than their soap.
(LSW)    Earlier this month, my wife dropped a heavy hint as to what she wants for her birthday. She said that she dreamed that I had given her a diamond necklace as a present and wondered what the meaning of the dream was. I can't wait to see the delight on her face come her birthday morning when she unwraps her present - a copy of the book, "The Meaning of Dreams".
(LSW)    Every morning I take my pet cow for a long walk in the local vineyard. Yep...i herd it through the grapevine.
(LSW)    Everybody knows that Albert Einstein was a genius....but his brother Frank was a real monster!
(LSW)    For his birthday, I got my son an alarm clock that swears at him instead of beeping. He's in for  a rude awakening.
(LSW)    Fun fact: "Sugar" is the only word in the English language where "su-" makes a "sh" sound. At least, I'm pretty sure that's correct.
(LSW)    Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish, he'll waste hundreds of dollars on equipment he'll only use a few times a year.
(LSW)    Got so frustrated while cooking dinner that I wanted to scream into the colander...but then I was like "no no, that'll strain my voice!"
(LSW)    How did Scrooge win the football game? The ghost of Christmas passed.
(LSW)    How do you deal with a sad astronaut? Just give them some space.
(LSW)    How do you put a baby astronaut to sleep? You rocket!
(LSW)    How do you wash your hands over the holiday? With Santatizer.
(LSW)    How does a computer get drunk? It takes screen shots.
(LSW)    I accidentally gave my wife a glue stick instead of her lipstick. She still isn't talking to me!
(LSW)    I always carry a pebble with me to throw at people who sing Christmas songs in October. I call it my jingle bell rock!
(LSW)    I always get nostalgic putting my car in reverse. It really takes me back!
(LSW)    I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me, “Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace.” So I bought her nothing.
(LSW)    I don't understand why banks get upset when you can't repay a loan...they already knew I had no money when I came to borrow it!
(LSW)    I don't want to brag or make anyone jealous, but I can still fit into the socks I wore in high school.
(LSW)    I failed my driver's test today. The instructor asked me, "What do you do at a red light"? I said, "I usually check Twitter and also see what people are up to on Facebook."
(LSW)    I go
(LSW)    Dentists always ask dumb questions like "when's the last time you flossed?". I'm like bro, you were there!t a job as senior director at Old MacDonald's Farm. I'm the CIEIO.
(LSW)    I had an appointment to see my psychic next week. But she called my up and told me I wouldn't be able to make it.
(LSW)    I had the worst night last night. The ghost of Gloria Gaynor appeared in front of my bed. At first I was afraid, then I was petrified!
(LSW)    I got an email explaining how to read maps backwards....it was spam!
(LSW)    I got called "pretty' today! Well actually the full statements was 'you're pretty annoying' But I only focus on positive things.
(LSW)    I got fired from the bank today. Turns out the owners get really upset when you hand out free samples.
(LSW)    I got thrown out of my local park after arranging the squirrels by height. They didn't like me critter sizing.
(LSW)    I had a hen who could count her own eggs. She was a mathemachicken.
(LSW)    I had the rudest, slowest and nastiest cashier today! That's it! I'm done with using the self checkout lane!
(LSW)    I have a bad habit of running red lights. I really need to stop!
(LSW)    I joined a gym six months ago and haven't lost any weight! So I'm actually going there in person tomorrow to see what's going on!
(LSW)    I just found out the company that produced yardsticks won't be making them any longer.
(LSW)    I just found out the neighborhood had a meeting about the crazy person on the block. It's weird that they didn't invite me.
(LSW)    I just got pulled over by a cop. He asked me if I had a police record. Apparently "Roxanne" was not the answer he wanted.
(LSW)    I just saw this fella steal some flowers and the woman from the shop was running after him. I thought I'd encourage her...So I shouted....Run Florist, Run!!
(LSW)    I just spent $199 on a talking scale...then I stepped on it and it told me to come back later when I was ALONE!!
(LSW)    I misplaced Dwayne Johnson's cutting tool for the origami workshop. I can't believe I lost the Rock's Paper Scissors.
(LSW)    I noticed we Americans use a lot of French words regularly, such as hors d'oeuvres. And that's just for starters.
(LSW)    I once lived in a home with four foot ceilings. I couldn't stand living there.
(LSW)    I put my Grandma on speed dial....I call that instagram!
(LSW)    I quit my job as a butler in a stately home...I didn't like being spoken to in that Manor!
(LSW)    I quit my job in at the Helium factory today. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone!
(LSW)    I read that a man is suing "Smart Water" for not making hime smart, so I'd like to formally announce my lawsuit against "Thin Mints".
(LSW)    I recently found a round, black piece of plastic, with a hole in the middle and grooves on both sides. I picked it up and threw it. It flew for more than 300 yards. I'm sure that must have been a record!
(LSW)    I saw a man crying while mowing his lawn. I asked him. "Is everything OK?" He replied: "I'm just going through a rough patch."
(LSW)    I saw a man going up a hill with a trolley full of horseshoes, four-leaf clovers and rabbits feet. I thought: "Wow, he's pushing his luck!
(LSW)    I saw a microbiologist today...He was much bigger than I expected.
(LSW)    I stood waving to my neighbor for 10 minutes this morning before realizing she was cleaning her windows.
(LSW)    I told my son he shouldn't listen to losers. Now he won't talk to me.
(LSW)    I tried being a comedian, but I had to give it up....people kept laughing at me.
(LSW)    I used to be a bus driver but I had to quit. I was fed up with people talking behind my back.
(LSW)    I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
(LSW)    I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home. So I threw him out. I hate visitors.
(LSW)    I want to say that comforters are always superior to quilts...but I don't like to make blanket statements.
(LSW)    I wanted to be a doctor, but I didn't have the patients.
(LSW)    I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
(LSW)    I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year. But then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
(LSW)    I was hurt yesterday when a chandelier fell on me. I went to the hospital but, fortunately, I only had light injuries!
(LSW)    I was flying a kite in the park today and this fella came up and asked: "You flying a kite?". I blinked and replied with a straight face: "Nope, I'm fishing for birds!"
(LSW)    I was out walking the dogs today and someone asked me if they were Jack Russells. I replied, "No they're mine!"
(LSW)    I was playing chess with my friend and he said, "Let's make this interesting." So we stopped playing chess.
(LSW)    I was so bored sitting at home that I memorized six pages of the dictionary. I learned next to nothing.
(LSW)    I was thrown out of the break room of my Walmart yesterday. They asked me what I was doing there. I told them I was on a break. They said you don't work here. I said I'd just finished using the self-checkout so clearly I do.
(LSW)    I was terrible at spelling when I was at school. Brilliant at jography though!
(LSW)    I was watching a show called "Ten Ways to Avoid a Shark Attack" and was surprised that stay out of the water wasn't on the list.
(LSW)    I went to a smoke shop only discover it was now an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar.
(LSW)    I went to an archaeology party recently where they were only looking for remains of a lower leg...it was quite the shindig.
(LSW)    I won $3 million and donated a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
(LSW)    I would love to get paid to sleep. It would be a dream job!
(LSW)    I'm going to take up coin collecting. The change will do me good.
(LSW)    I'm reading a horror book in Braille. Something bad is going to happen. I can feel it.
(LSW)    I've been experimenting with breeding racing deer...People have accused me of just tryin gto make a fast buck!
(LSW)    I've started investing in stocks...first chicken, then beef, now vegetable. Despite the potential risks I believe one day I'll be a bouillionaire.
(LSW)    If I'm reading their lips correctly...my neighbors are arguing about some creepy guy next door.
(LSW)    If a cowboy is happy does that make him a Jolly Rancher?
(LSW)    If laziness was an Olympic sport, I'd probably come in fourth so I wouldn't need to walk up to the podium.
(LSW)    If you serve your kids frozen pizza or chicken nuggets for dinner, you are a terrible parent...I don't care how busy you are, find the time to microwave them.
(LSW)    If your parents never had children, chances re you won't either.
(LSW)    In college I was so broke I couldn't afford the electricity bill. Those were the darkest days of my life.
(LSW)    In the old west, they would mount a lantern on their horse for travelling at night. It was the 1st form of saddle light navigation.
(LSW)    Instead of Drew, I'm going to name my kid Driew. Now I know what you're thinking, but it's only weird if you say it backwards.
(LSW)    Julie Andrews will no longer endorse cheap lipstick. It crumbles easily and gives her bad breath. She explains: "The super color fragile lipstick gives me halitosis!"
(LSW)    Just a warning. If you buy a watch that says you can swim with it. This only applies if you can already swim!
(LSW)    Just found the worst page in the entire dictionary. What I saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest, and disingenuous.
(LSW)    Just got hospitalized due to a peekaboo accident. They put me in the ICU.
(LSW)    Last year I joined a support group for procrastinators. We haven't met yet.
(LSW)    Laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life...laughing at your wife's mistakes can shorten it.
(LSW)    Little known fact - Captain Hook, bought his hook from a second hand store.
(LSW)    Little known fact: Before the crowbar was invented. Crows simply drank at home.
(LSW)    My Grandma always used to say 'take everything with a pinch of salt'. Lovely woman but made terrible tea.
(LSW)    My boss calls me "the computer". Nothing to do with intelligence, I go to sleep if left unattended for 15 minutes.
(LSW)    My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
(LSW)    My boss wants me to sign up for a 401K. No way I'm running that far!
(LSW)    My doctor told me to watch what I eat. So I went to a petting zoo.
(LSW)    My ex-girlfriend just told me she wants us to get back together again. Man, I sure am Lucky! I mean, first I win the lottery and now this!
(LSW)    My fried is so dumb that when he missed bus 44, he took bus 22 twice.
(LSW)    My friend Jack claims he can communicate with vegetables. Jack and the beans talk!
(LSW)    My friend interrupted my day at work and said he's changing his name to "Spinal Cord". I told him I didn't have time to chat so I'd just call him Back.
(LSW)    My kids were walking around clucking like chickens while I was on a conference call. I had to put myself on mute and ask them to stop...I will not tolerate fowl language in this house.
(LSW)    My salad last night was a bit on the dry side. It was a situation that needed addressing!
(LSW)    My sone asked me "Where does poo come from?" I was a little uncomfortable but gave him an honest explanation. He looked a little perplexed, and stared at me in stunned silence for a few seconds and then asked, "And Tigger"
(LSW)    My teacher told me not to worry about spelling because in the future there will be auto-correct. And for that, I am eternally grapefruit!
(LSW)    My wife accuses me of exaggerating.She must have said this a million times.
(LSW)    My wife asked if she could have a little peace and quiet while she cooked dinner. So I took the battery out of the smoke detector.
(LSW)    My wife asked me if I could clear the kitchen table. I had to get a running start but I made it!
(LSW)    My wife asked me if I knew what her favorite flower was. Apparently "gold medal all purpose" was not he correct response.
(LSW)    My wife blocked me on Facebook because I post too many bird puns. Well, toucan play at that game.
(LSW)    My wife has been putting glue all over my rifle collection. She's denying it, but I'm sticking to my guns.
(LSW)    My wife said, "You really have no sense of direction, do you?" I said, "where did that come from?"
(LSW)    My wife sent me a text that said, “Your great”. So, naturally, I wrote back, “No, you’re great” She’s been walking around all day happy and smiling. Should I tell her I was just correcting her grammar or leave it alone?
(LSW)    My wife told me I've grown as a person. Her actual words were "you've gotten fat", but I know what she meant!
(LSW)    My wife told me that I should put a clean pair of socks on every day. By Friday, I couldn't get my shoes on.
(LSW)    On or way home my friend said: "Let's stop and visit my brother Nickolas". So we took the see Nick route.
(LSW)    One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and role me down a hill. Those were Goodyears!
(LSW)    Oops, forgot to get to the gym today! That makes 8 years in a row now!
(LSW)    Parrot was rude but saw turkey dinner and was no longer rude. (Sent 2023/06/05)
(LSW)    People are usually shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician.
(LSW)    People say that 60 is the new 40. The cop that just pulled me over doesn't agree!
(LSW)    Sea World is now teaching its marine mammals to do customer service. The phone message begins with, "This call may be used for training porpoises."
(LSW)    So I went to the doctor's this morning and told him that every time I cough, I hear words like knight, bishop, pawn, and queen. He said I had a chess infection.
(LSW)    Some alligators grow up to 15 feet...but most only have 4.
(LSW)    Somebody at work stole my coffee cup this morning and I had to go to the Police Station to look at some mug shots!
(LSW)    The Institute of Unfinished Research has concluded that 6 out of 10 people
(LSW)    The moon is actually more useful that the sun, since the moon gives us light at night, when it's dark. The sun only gives us light in the day, when it's already bright!
(LSW)    The older I get, the more I regret all the people I've lost over the years. Maybe being a trail wansn't such a great idea after all.
(LSW)    The population of Ireland's capital city is really growing. In fact, it's Dublin.
(LSW)    There were four poisons in ancient Rome. Poisons I, II, and III would kill you instantly. Poison IV would make you itchy!
(LSW)    There's a movie coming out about a mobile home. I just saw the trailer.
(LSW)    They say the grass is greener on the other side...I just turned mine over and it was just brown with worms.
(LSW)    Two things to consider about mariage: On one hand, you get to wear a cool ring. On the other hand, you don't.
(LSW)    Wanted: Someone to brush their teeth with me because 9/10 dentists say brushing alone won't help tooth decay. No weirdos.
(LSW)    WARNING: There is an email going around offering processed pork, gelatin and salt in a can. If you get this email, do not open it. It's spam!
(LSW)    We argued all day about what to call a medieval soldier. But it was getting late so we called it a knight.
(LSW)    What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
(LSW)    What did the full glass of water say to the empty glass of water? You look drunk.
(LSW)    What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter on Thanksgiving Day? Quack, quack!
(LSW)    What do you call a boat full of buddies? A friendship!
(LSW)    What do you call a medieval spy? Sir Veillance.
(LSW)    What do you call a reluctant potato? A hesitater.
(LSW)    What do you call a snowman with a six pack? An abdominal snowman.
(LSW)    What do you call a turkey on the day after Thanksgiving? Lucky.
(LSW)    What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese
(LSW)    What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Clause? Claus-trophobic.
(LSW)    What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? Guardians of the Galaxy.
(LSW)    What do you call two birds stuck together? Velcrows.
(LSW)    What do you do when you're being attacked by a group of clowns? Go for the juggler.
(LSW)    What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
(LSW)    What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations? tinsillitis!
(LSW)    What goes up but never comes down? Your age.
(LSW)    What has more letters than the alphabet? The Post Office.
(LSW)    What idiot called it a "randomized clinical trial controlled with placebo" and not "trick or treatment"
(LSW)    What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
(LSW)    What smells better than it tastes? A nose.
(LSW)    What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe!
(LSW)    What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care!
(LSW)    When I moved into my new igloo my friends threw me a surprise house-warming party. Now I’m homeless!
(LSW)    When I was a kid, I told my mom I was going to run away. She said "On your mark..."
(LSW)    When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
(LSW)    When I was a kid, my parents would always say, "Excuse my French" just after a swear word...I'll never forget my first day at school when my teacher asked if any of use knew any French.
(LSW)    When I was young, I was poor. But after years of struggle....I'm no longer young.
(LSW)    When you're young, you play with them. Whey you get older, you start losing them? Your marbles!
(LSW)    Where do little trees go to become Christmas trees? Elementree school!
(LSW)    Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey, because it is always stuffed.
(LSW)    Why can't humans hear a dog whistle. Because dogs can't whistle.
(LSW)    Why couldn't the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn't habanero!
(LSW)    Why did St. Louis throw a party? Because Missouri loves company.
(LSW)    Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
(LSW)    Why do ghosts ride elevators? To lift their spirits.
(LSW)    Why do golfers carry an extra pair of pants with them when they go golfing? Just in case they get a hole in one.
(LSW)    Why do horses have low divorce rates? They have stable relationships.
(LSW)    Why do nurses always carry red crayons? In case they need to draw blood.
(LSW)    Why does Santa have three gardens? So he can ho ho ho.
(LSW)    Why is it annoying to eat next to basketball players? They dribble all the time.
(LSW)    Why was the cat afraid of the tree? Because of its bark.
(LSW)    With my ailing memory, I'm thinking of changing my passowrd to "incorrect". That way, when I log in with the wrong password, the computer will tell me..."Your password is incorrect".
(LSW)    You know me, if I ever win the lottery, rest assured nobody around me will be poor, and I mean that.....I will move to a rich neighborhood!

(LSW-)   I found a recipe from Morocco for homemade dinner rolls. It called for fresh thyme but mine was outdated. I used it anyway. You know, as I reminisce, I really like that old thyme Moroccan roll!
(LSW-)   I got fired from my job because I kept asking my customers whether they would prefer "Smoking" or "Non-smoking". Apparently the correct terms are "cremation" and "burial".
(LSW-)   I just released my own fragrance. Nobody else in the car seemed to like it.
(LSW-)   I tried donating blood today. NEVER AGAIN! Too many stupid questions; Whose blood is it? Where did you get it from ? Why is it in a bucket?
(LSW-)   I want to create a product that's a laxative, but also contains Advil for the pain. I'll call it Ibepoopin!
(LSW-)   If you watch Jaws backwards it is a heartwarming story about a shark who gives arms & legs to disabled people!
(LSW-)   My new SUV has a button that says, 'Rear Wiper'. I'm afraid to push it.
(LSW-)   Sad neww! I broke up with my girlfriend Loraine. She found out I was seeing another girl, Claire Lee. Good news thought! I can see Claire Lee now, Loraine is gone!
(LSW-)   What happens when you eat aluminum foil? You sheet metal.

(LW)     "Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
(LW)     97% of people are stupid. Thank goodness I’m in the other 5%.
(LW)     A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours!
(LW)     A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
(LW)     A man goes to a funeral and asks the widow: “Mind if I say a word?”. She says: “Please do.” The man clears his throat and says: “Bargain.” The widow replies: “Thanks, that means a great deal!”
(LW)     A sweater I purchased was picking up static electricity, so I returned it to the store. They gave me another one free of charge.
(LW)     A travel agent told me he could get me a free trip to Egypt if I could get five other people to sign up too. It sounded like a pyramid scheme to me.
(LW)     A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
(LW)     Bigfoot is sometimes confused with Sasquatch…Yeti never complains.
(LW)     Boss told me that as a security guard, it's my job to watch the office. I'm on season 6 but I'm not really sure what it's got to do with security.
(LW)     Did you hear about Arnold Schwarzenegger’s upcoming movie about classical music? It’s called I’ll Be Bach!
(LW)     Did you hear about the boy who went to mime school? He was never heard from again.
(LW)     Did you hear about the criminal who kept her spices in the freezer? She served hard thyme!
(LW)     Did you hear about the guy who evaporated? He'll be mist.
(LW)     Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
(LW)     Did you hear about the restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu. You get what you deserve!
(LW)     Don't you hate jokes about German sausages? They're the wurst!
(LW)     During a recent password audit by a company, it was found that an employee was using the following password: “MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento”. When asked why she had such a long password, she rolled her eyes and said: “Hello! It has to be at least 8 characters and include at least one capital!”
(LW)     Every single morning I get hit by the same bike... It's a vicious cycle!
(LW)     Every single morning I get hit by the same bike...It's a vicious cycle!
(LW)     Five out of four people admit they're bad with fractions!
(LW)     Golf is the only sport where subpar performance is ideal!
(LW)     Got a parking ticket yesterday. Not sure why. The sign said fine for parking!
(LW)     Got home from work today to find my kids have been on eBay all day. If they are still there tomorrow I will lower the price!
(LW)     Got stopped in the street and asked why was I carrying a 9 ft. book? I said, it's a long story.
(LW)     How can you drop an egg onto a concrete floor without cracking it? Any way you want, concrete floors are very hard to crack.
(LW)     How do pickles celebrate their birthdays? they relish them!
(LW)     How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for fresh prints!
(LW)     How do you make the number one disappear? You just add a G and it's gone.
(LW)     How do you make the number one disappear? You just add a G and it's gone.
(LW)     How may feet are in a yard? It depends on how many people are standing in it.
(LW)     I accidentally swallowed a bunch of scrabble tiles… My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster
(LW)     I accidentally swallowed a bunch of scrabble tiles… My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster!
(LW)     I applied for a job hanging mirrors. It’s a something I can see myself doing!
(LW)     I applied for a job hanging mirrors. It’s a something I can see myself doing!
(LW)     I arrived early to a restaurant and the manager asked: “Do you mind waiting a bit”? I said: “No”. “Good”, he said. “Take these drinks to table nine”.
(LW)     I asked an old man I know, “Even after 95 years, you still call your wife ‘Darling’, ‘Honey’, ‘Love’. What’s the secret? Old man: “I forgot her name 10 years ago and I’m scared to ask her”
(LW)     I asked my dad how it felt to have the best son in the world. He told me to ask my grandpa!
(LW)     I asked my daughter to give me the phone book! She laughed at me, called me a dinosaur and lent me her iPhone. So now the spider is dead, the iPhone is broken and my daughter is furious!
(LW)     I asked my friend Sam to sing a song about smartphones the other day…..Samsung!
(LW)     I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic. He said: “Sure, knock yourself out!”
(LW)     I called my boss and asked if I could come in a little late. She said, "Dream on". I think that was really nice of her.
(LW)     I can’t believe how unprepared Beijing is for these Olympics – I was just watching something called Curling, and the cleaners were still sweeping the floor clean, when the curling stones were actually coming down the track!
(LW)     I can’t remember how to write 1, 1000, 51, 6 and 500 in Roman numerals. I M LIVID
(LW)     I don't really call for funerals that start before noon. I guess I'm just not a mourning person!
(LW)     I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
(LW)     I dropped my phone and I was surprised that it didn't hit the floor. Turns out it was in airplane mode!
(LW)     I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
(LW)     I found a coin on the street the other day and it had teeth marks all over it. It was a Bitcoin!
(LW)     I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She's a real mathamachicken!
(LW)     I got hit in the head with a can of Pepsi yesterday. But don’t worry. It was a soft drink!
(LW)     I got my daughter a fridge for her birthday. I can't wait to see her face light up when she opens it!
(LW)     I got tired of being judged for going bald so I went out and bought a cheap wig. It was a small price toupee.
(LW)     I had a date last night, it was perfect. Tomorrow I'll try a grape!
(LW)     I had a date last night, it was perfect. Tomorrow I'll try a grape.
(LW)     I had a friend who was addicted to brake fluid. He said he could stop anytime!
(LW)     I have a fear of elevators, but I’ve started taking steps to avoid it!
(LW)     I have a great joke about nepotism. But I'll only tell it to my kids.
(LW)     I have a pen that can write underwater...it can write other words too!
(LW)     I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
(LW)     I just burned 3000 calories. Hat's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I take a nap!
(LW)     I just found out my father was a mime.....he never spoke about it!
(LW)     I just invented an awesome new word: plagiarism!
(LW)     I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work!
(LW)     I left my phone at home and needed to make a call but the pay phone at the bar had been replaced with a defibrillator…..I was shocked!
(LW)     I lost my wife’s audiobook….And now I’ll never hear the end of it!
(LW)     I lost my wife’s audiobook….And now I’ll never hear the end of it!
(LW)     I once did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words!
(LW)     I ordered a book online, “How to Avoid Scams”. It’s been 8 months and I’m still waiting!
(LW)     I remember when air was free at the gas station. Now it costs $1.50. That’s what I call inflation!
(LW)     I saw toast at the zoo once. Apparently it was bread in captivity.
(LW)     I spent $80 on a belt that didn’t fit. My wife said it was a huge waist!
(LW)     I spent $80 on a belt that didn’t fit. My wife said it was a huge waist!
(LW)     I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that's just nuts!
(LW)     I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug!
(LW)     I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug!
(LW)     I told my wife this morning she had drawn her eyebrows a little too high. She looked surprised.
(LW)     I told my wife to embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
(LW)     I tried to date a tennis player once, but love meant nothing to her!
(LW)     I tried to have a conversation with my wife when she was applying a mud mask. You should have seen the filthy look she gave me.
(LW)     I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage....I lost my case!
(LW)     I turned down a job where I would be paid in vegetables. The celery was unacceptable!
(LW)     I used to be addicted to Thanksgiving leftovers. I had to quit cold turkey.
(LW)     I used to work at a calendar factory, but I got fired after I took a couple of days off.
(LW)     I wanted to thank everyone for sticking with me while I figured out the meaning of "many". It means a lot.
(LW)     I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
(LW)     I was on a diabetes awareness website and it asked me if I accept cookies...Is this a trick question?
(LW)     I was playing with a boomerang and couldn't remember how to use it. Then it came back to me!
(LW)     I was really struggling to get my wife’s attention….So, I sat down on the sofa and looked comfortable. That did the trick!
(LW)     I went for a run but came back home after 2 minutes because I forgot something. I forgot that I'm fat and can't run for more than 2 minutes.
(LW)     I went for an interview for a job today and the manager said, “We’re looking for someone who’s responsible.” “Well, I’m your man.”, I replied, “In my last job, whenever anything went wrong, they said I was responsible”!
(LW)     I went to a bookstore and saw a book titled: How to solve 50% of your problems". I bought 2.
(LW)     I went to a psychic. I knocked on her front door. She yelled: “Who is it?” So I left!
(LW)     I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. "Which ear is it?", he asked. "2022", I replied!
(LW)     I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. "Which ear is it?", he asked. "2022", I replied!
(LW)     I'm an optimistic pessimist. I'm positive things will go wrong.
(LW)     I'm having trouble organizing a hide-and-seek tournament. Good players are hard to find!
(LW)     I'm never again donating money to anyone collecting for a marathon. They just take the money and run!
(LW)     I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
(LW)     I've started telling people about the benefits of dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness!
(LW)     I've started telling people about the benefits of dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness!
(LW)     If 666 is all evil. Then 25.8069758 is the root of all evil.
(LW)     If 666 is all evil. Then 25.8069758 is the root of all evil.
(LW)     If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
(LW)     If a child refuses to sleep during naptime, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
(LW)     If money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
(LW)     If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
(LW)     In Britain, they call it a “lift” but we Americans call it an “elevator”. I guess we’re just raised differently.
(LW)     In a safety meeting at work they asked me what steps I’d take in a fire. Apparently “Really big and fast ones” was the wrong answer!
(LW)     In college, I worked to construct and pave a cul-de-sac. It was a dead-end job!
(LW)     In the 17th century people were so baroque. They were luting in the streets.
(LW)     Initially, I didn’t believe that my chiropractor was any good. But now I stand corrected!
(LW)     Interviewer: What would you say is your biggest strength? Me. I’m very fast at math. Interviewer: Alright. What is 39 times 28? Me: 67 Interviewer: That’s not even close. Me: No, but it was fast!
(LW)     I’ll tell you what really annoys me; people who get well-known phrases wrong...I mean, its not rocket surgery...
(LW)     I’m a social vegan… I’m avoiding meets.
(LW)     I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
(LW)     I’m thinking of getting a new haircut, but I need to mullet over~
(LW)     I’m trying to convince my dad to get a new hearing aid. But he just won’t listen!
(LW)     I’ve always wondered if songbirds get mad at hummingbirds for not knowing the wordsf
(LW)     I’ve been banned from the Secret Cooking Society….I keep spilling the beans!
(LW)     I’ve been bored recently so I’ve decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
(LW)     Just reading that there's a small island off the coast of Italy which is inhabited by 5 million Sicillion people. That's the biggest number I've ever heard.
(LW)     Last night I had a terrible dream that I had to make a thousand pancakes. I was tossing and turning all night long!
(LW)     Madonna is trying to get the Spice Girls back together. They’re gonna call her Old Spice!
(LW)     My New Year’s resolution is to read more….so I’ve turned on the subtitles on my television!
(LW)     My bank really likes me. They called me and said my credit card balance is outstanding
(LW)     My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
(LW)     My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
(LW)     My boss told me that as a security guard, it's my job to watch the office. I'm on season 6 but I'm not really sure what it's got to do with security!
(LW)     My coworkers laugh at my jokes in in-person meetings, but never in online meetings. When I asked them why, they said that my jokes weren’t remotely funny!
(LW)     My doctor told me I'm going deaf. The news war hard for me to hear.
(LW)     My doctor told me I'm going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear!
(LW)     My fried decided to become an archeologist….now his life is in ruins!
(LW)     My friend has designed an invisible airplane. I can't see it taking off!
(LW)     My friend keeps saying “cheer up mate, it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water!” I know he means well.
(LW)     My friend keeps saying “cheer up mate, it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water!” I know he means well.
(LW)     My friend asked me, "what's the best part about living in Switzerland?" I said "I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
(LW)     My math teacher called me average. How mean!
(LW)     My old job involved crushing cans. I had to quit because it was soda-pressing!
(LW)     My son, Luke, loves how I named our kids after Star Wars characters…My daughter, Chewbacca, not so much!
(LW)     My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watch dogs!
(LW)     My wife and I decided we don’t want to have children…. We will be telling them tonight at dinner!
(LW)     My wife and I had this long pointless argument as to which vowel is the most important. I won!
(LW)     My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more!
(LW)     My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are....but I laugh more!
(LW)     My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list. Now I can’t read anything!
(LW)     My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list. Now I can’t read anything!
(LW)     My wife rearranged the labels on my spice rack… I haven’t confronted her yet but the thyme is cumin.
(LW)     My wife said if I bought her one more stupid gift, she would burn it. So I bought her a candle!
(LW)     My wife tells me I have 2 major faults. I don’t listen – and something else!
(LW)     My wife thinks I don't give her enough privacy. At least that's what she said in her diary!
(LW)     My wife thinks I don't give her enough privacy. At least that's what she said in her diary!
(LW)     My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo! So I had to put my foot down!
(LW)     My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!
(LW)     My wife traumatically ripped the blankets off me last night. But I will recover!
(LW)     Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
(LW)     Never laugh at your wife's choices..you're one of them.
(LW)     Once upon a time there was a King who was only 12 inches tall. He was a terrible King but he made a great ruler!
(LW)     One time, I went to a party with a bunch of anesthesiologists. It was a gas!
(LW)     Police have arrested the World Tongue Twister champion. They said he will be given a tough sentence!
(LW)     Research has shown that laughing for 2 minutes is just as healthy as a 20 minute jog! So now I just sit in the park laughing at all the joggers!
(LW)     So I opened up a shop selling uncaged birds! They just flew off the shelves!
(LW)     Some people can't distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can't put into words.
(LW)     Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said "parking fine."
(LW)     Someone glued every card in my deck together so now it's just a block of cardboard. I'm having trouble dealing with it!
(LW)     Someone ripped the 5th month out of my calendar. I’m completely dismayed!
(LW)     The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this!
(LW)     The government is instituting a garbage bag tax. Some people think it’s too Hefty, and other are Glad. I think the whole thing is trash.
(LW)     To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
(LW)     To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
(LW)     Today I started an argument with my wife while riding in an elevator. I was wrong on so many levels.
(LW)     Today I started an argument with my wife while riding in an elevator...I was wrong on so many levels.
(LW)     Two little boys were at a wedding when one of them leaned over to the other and asked, "How many wives can a man have?" His friend answered, "Sixteen...four better, four worse, four richer, and four poorer."
(LW)     What are bald sea captains most worried about? Capsizes
(LW)     What did one American flag tell the other? Nothing! It just waved!
(LW)     What did the Ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? "Close the door, I'm dressing!"
(LW)     What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
(LW)     What did the tomato say to his friends when he was running late? Don't worry, I'll ketchup.
(LW)     What do Santa's elves listen to ask they work? Wrap music!
(LW)     What do scholars eat when they're hungry? Academia nuts.
(LW)     What do the people buying bread have in common with the people selling it? They both want each other's dough!
(LW)     What do you call a cow in an earthquake? A milkshake!
(LW)     What do you call a cow in an earthquake? A milkshake!
(LW)     What do you call a detective who just solves cases accidentally? Sheer Luck Holmes!
(LW)     What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
(LW)     What do you call a horse that movies around a lot? Unstable.
(LW)     What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus.
(LW)     What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus.
(LW)     What do you call a man who handles the financials of an ant colony? An Account-ant.
(LW)     What do you call a man who has finished digging? Doug
(LW)     What do you call a mummy with a cold? Sir Cough, I guess.
(LW)     What do you call a one-legged hippo? A hoppo!
(LW)     What do you call a turkey that’s come back to haunt you? A poultrygeist.
(LW)     What do you call a zombie who write music? A decomposer.
(LW)     What do you call a zombie who write music? A decomposer.
(LW)     What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant.
(LW)     What do you call bear who’s lost all his teeth? A gummy bear.
(LW)     What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
(LW)     What do you call the soft tissue between a sharks teeth? The slow swimmer.
(LW)     What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement!
(LW)     What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
(LW)     What does "idk" stand for? I've asked lots of people but nobody seems to know.
(LW)     What happens if someone slaps you at a high frequency? It Hertz!
(LW)     What is a pumpkin’s circumference divided by a pumpkin’s diameter? Pumpkin Pi.
(LW)     What is the best Christmas present! A broken drum. You just can’t beat it!
(LW)     What is the best Christmas present? A broken drum, you just can’t beat it.
(LW)     What kind of car does a Jedi drive? A Toy-Yoda.
(LW)     What kind of car does a Jedi drive? A Toy-Yoda.
(LW)     What superpower do yo uget when you become a parent? Supervision
(LW)     What word starts with E and ends with E but only has one letter in it? Envelope.
(LW)     What word starts with E and ends with E but only has one letter in it? Envelope.
(LW)     What’s a chef’s first job after finishing culinary school? Finding an entrée-level position.
(LW)     What’s blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint!
(LW)     What’s the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? A literalist takes things literally. A kleptomaniac takes things, literally.
(LW)     What’s the difference between a vegan and a computer programmer? One is disgusted by a rack of lamb and the other is disgusted by a lack of RAM.
(LW)     What’s the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el.
(LW)     When I was a kid, my mom told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime!
(LW)     When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
(LW)     When my wife caught me standing on the bathroom scales, sucking in my stomach, she laughed, “Ha! That’s not going to help!” I said, “sure, it does. It’s the only way I can see the numbers.”
(LW)     Which Olympic sport generates the most conversation? Discus
(LW)     Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota!
(LW)     Who built King Arthur’s fabled round table? Sir Cumference.
(LW)     Whoever came up with the word dentures really missed the opportunity to call them “substitooths”!
(LW)     Whoever came up with the word dentures really missed the opportunity to call them “substitooths”!
(LW)     Whoever came up with the word ‘dentures’ really missed the opportunity to call them “substitooths”.
(LW)     Why are Zoey and Zoe pronouced the same but Joey and Joe aren't?
(LW)     Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
(LW)     Why are skeletons so calm? Nothing gets under their skin!
(LW)     Why aren’t dogs good dancers? They have two left feet.
(LW)     Why aren’t koalas actual bears? Because they don’t meet the koalafications.
(LW)     Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
(LW)     Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
(LW)     Why did Superman avoid the Bitcoin themed night at the club? It was ‘crypto-night’!
(LW)     Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it!
(LW)     Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
(LW)     Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed!
(LW)     Why did the vegetable cargo ship sink in the ocean? It had too many leeks.
(LW)     Why do secret agents get the best sleep? Because they’re always undercover.
(LW)     Why don’t ghosts like rain on Halloween? It dampens their spirits!
(LW)     Why is a history degree useless? There’s no future in it!
(LW)     Why is dark spelled with a K? Because you can’t c in the dark.
(LW)     Why is it getting harder to buy Advent calendars? Because their days are numbered.
(LW)     Why is it getting harder to buy Advent calendars? Their days are numbered!
(LW)     Why is your nose in the middle of your face? It’s the scenter!
(LW)     Why isn’t suntanning an Olympic sport? You can only get bronze.
(LW)     Why was 69 afraid of 70? Because they had a fight and 71.
(LW)     Why was the computer late for work? It had a hard drive.
(LW)     Why was the snowman looking through the carrots? He was picking his nose!
(LW)     Winter sports fans just need to accept it. Skiing is going downhill!
(LW)     Yesterday I saw an ad that said “Radio for sale, $1. Volume stuck on full blast.” I said to myself, “You can’t turn that down!”
(LW)     You think gas prices are expensive, have you seen Chimneys? They’re through the roof!

(S)      A thief broke into my house last night looking for money. So I got out of bed to look with him.
(S)      I was just hired by a bicycle-wheel making company. I am their spokesperson.
(S)      The squirrels must be expecting a cold winter. They're gathering more nuts than usual! Yesterday my sisters disappeared!
(S)      What do you call a belt made of $100 bills? A waist of money.
(S)      Why can't you tell a joke to an egg? It might crack up.
(S)      Why did the triangle feel sorry for the circle? It was pointless.


(SW)     A farmer took his baby goat to the vet after it had been limping for about a week. It was diagnosed with a kid knee infection.
(SW)     I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic. He said: "Sure, knock yourself out!"

(W)      Be a minimalist...it's the least you can do.
(W)      Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
(W)      How may spiders does it take to create an app? None. Spikers don't make apps; they only design web sites!
(W)      How much does a roof cost? Nothing. It's on the house.
(W)      I got into a fight with 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. The odds were against me.
(W)      I haven't kept up my subscription to the Scrabble Club...now they've started sending me threatening letters...
(W)      I thought the dryer made my clothes shrink. Turns out it was the refrigerator.
(W)      If it's raining cats and dogs don't step on a poodle.
(W)      It was a sad and disappointing day when I discovered my Universal Remote Control did not, if fact, control the Universe.....not even remotely!
(W)      My friend is losing his mind over missing a piece of his 5000 piece puzzle. If he thinks that's bad, I'm missing 4999 pieces.
(W)      My wife said I ruined her birthday. I don't know how....I didn't even know it was her birthday!
(W)      Never iron a four leaf clover. You don't want to press your luck!
(W)      Never kiss your honey when their nose is runny. You may thinks it's funny. But it snot.
(W)      Spiders are the only web developers who love finding bugs.
(W)      What do you call a pig on a leash? Pulled Pork.
(W)      What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.13 meters long? A πthon.
(W)      What do you call your mom's angry French sister? A Croissaunt.
(W)      What kind of dog doesn't bark? A hush puppy!
(W)      Why did the chicken go to the gym? To work on his pecks.

